---
sidebar_position: 1
---
# Our Mission

Our mission is to empower individuals and creators by seamlessly connecting them to emerging blockchain networks, providing the necessary tools, and offering a vibrant social platform where they can interact, establish new connections, and actively shape the future of both the platform and the projects it incubates. We aim to foster innovation and growth by facilitating interaction with new L1 networks, ultimately advancing the adoption of diverse blockchain ecosystems.



# 1.1 Description

## What is Mystra?

Mystra unites communities from new, yet untapped blockchain networks by providing essential tools for both users and creators on one convenient platform. This allows every user to communicate, integrate with others, establish new connections, and have an impact on both the platform's future and the projects incubated within it. Creators can develop projects using the tools and APIs provided by Mystra, while also having access to the community centered around the Mystra platform. It aims to connect users with both new L1 networks and established blockchain networks. This functionality makes it easy for experienced users to interact with new networks, facilitating the development and utilization of various blockchain ecosystems.

Mystra is a social platform with a point-based incentive system that not only provides everyday tools but also offers early-stage investment opportunities in projects and enables the creation of your own projects using the tools we provide. The tools and modules we offer include:


- Dex
- Fiat Payment Gateway
- Bridge
- Launchpad
- NFT Marketplace
- Staking Tools
- Analysis Tools
- DAO
- Chat
- Loans
- OTC Market
- Creators Platform
- Incubation HUB
- Decentralized Venture Capital
- A personalized news system

The platform operates on multiple networks. More detailed information can be found in section 1.2 Main Objectives
