---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# 1.2 Main objectives

## Who is Mystra intended for?

The Mystra platform is directed at two target groups:

## For individual users (Community)

Mystra provides the community with access to a diverse range of tools available within the blockchain ecosystem. Users can utilize the Fiat Payment Gateway for cryptocurrency purchases. On our Dex, you can exchange for other cryptocurrencies through swaps and enhance liquidity by participating in Liquidity Pools. The Bridge tool allows the seamless transfer of assets between different networks. Staking tools enable users to directly delegate their tokens to validators and receive rewards in the form of token-based commissions. The NFT Marketplace facilitates free trading of digital artworks, and NFT farming will also be available on the platform. Additionally, Mystra offers a Chat tool to facilitate communication among users.

Users who meet the requirements for owning a Mystra NFT Ticket and participate in validator staking can use the DAO module to partake in the decision-making process through voting regarding the development direction of projects incubating on the Mystra platform. They also have the opportunity to invest in these projects at an early stage through Decentralized Venture Capital and participate in investments aligned with the project launch process on our Launchpad.

Mystra's platform operates on a social points system, where users are rewarded with points in exchange for specific actions or participation. The number of points accumulated by users is associated with their account and impacts their voting power within the DAO and allocation in relation to incubated projects. For more details on this, please refer to section 3: Points System.

In summary, Mystra is a social platform with a point-based incentive system that offers everyday tools and early-stage investment opportunities in projects. For more detailed information, please follow the provided links.



## For project builders (Creators)

Mystra is dedicated to the idea of creating a platform where projects are incubated with a focus on user safety and legal compliance. Therefore, we place great emphasis on transparency and the verification of Creators during the execution of their projects on our platform. Access to the Creators Platform is reserved exclusively for individuals who have been verified as members of the Mystra community. The DAO community, centered around Mystra, monitors the development stages of incubated projects to provide financial support through Decentralized Venture Capital and Launchpad.


Mystra provides a Creators Platform where you have the opportunity to bring your project to life and receive support at every stage of its development. This process includes several key general stages:

- **Ideation:** You begin with an idea for your project.
- **Incubation:** Next, you move into the development phase of your project, utilizing available tools such as pre-built code blocks and our API, which are provided free of charge until the incubation process is completed and the project matures.
- **Fundraising:** Mystra offers the opportunity to raise funds through Decentralized Venture Capital, which aids in further project development.
- **Launching on the Launchpad:** When your project is ready for launch, you can initiate it on our Launchpad.

- **In summary:** Ideation - Incubation and fundraising - Launch


Throughout the entire project development cycle, the Mystra team and the DAO community will accompany and support you, helping you achieve your defined goals. Mystra equips you with the necessary tools and support at every stage, ensuring the highest level of service quality.


**Detailed information about the Creators Platform process is described in section 2.1: Creators Platform.**



## How does Mystra support projects?

The Mystra team provides support in the following areas:

- Advisory
- Business Development
- Financing
- Legal Guidance
- Launching
- Marketing
- Partnerships
- Smart Contracts
- Token Creation 
- Assistance with special requirements

**For more information, please refer to section 2.5 Development Assistance.**
    
## Summary

To summarise, the Mystra platform will do the following:
- Develop project ideas using our unique incubation system, providing guidance from start to finish
- Provide transparency to the Casper community, and give them a voice to influence decisions on projects
- Every day, the team does its best to respond to the community’s requirements.
- Our mission is to promote transparency, honesty, and development.
