---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# 3.1 Description

## User Rating

The point system has been implemented to fairly reward individuals who invest their time, effort, and capital in the development of the Mystra community and its ecosystem. The Mystra platform continually refines this system, enabling the community to make decisions regarding the platform's development and its associated products, while maintaining a full sense of respect, security, and justice.

The point system is comprehensive and designed to provide every user engaged in various areas of Mystra's development with the opportunity to earn points. These areas, referred to as metrics, serve to measure user activity and contribute to the final point rating called **User Rating**. It consists of:

#### User Commitment
- Points are earned for activity on social media such as Telegram chat, Discord, Mystra chat, taking into account several factors. Learn more details here: <a href="https://docs.mystra.io/docs/point-system/3.3-User-Commitment">3.3 User Commitment</a>

#### Social Missions Commitment
- Points are earned for activity on social media, marketing actions, and more. Learn more here: <a href="https://docs.mystra.io/docs/point-system/3.4-Social-Missions-Commitment">3.4 Social Missions Commitment</a>

#### Staking
- Points are earned for staking tokens on the Mystra validator. Learn more here: <a href="https://docs.mystra.io/docs/point-system/3.5-Staking">3.5 Staking</a>

#### Vote Quality
- Points are earned for the attendance of your votes cast within the DAO. Learn more here: <a href="https://docs.mystra.io/docs/point-system/3.6-Vote-Quality">3.6 Vote Quality</a>

#### Decentralized Venture Capital
- Points are earned for participating in Decentralized Venture Capital. Learn more about how to earn them here: <a href="https://docs.mystra.io/docs/point-system/3.7-Venture-Capital">3.7 Decentralized Venture Capital</a>

#### Premium Pass
- Points are assigned to each Premium Pass you own. However, there is a limited number of Premium Passes assigned to your account that are considered in the scoring. Learn more here: <a href="https://docs.mystra.io/docs/point-system/3.8-Tickets">3.8 Points of Premium Pass</a>

**User Rating is the sum of the above metrics. Each metric will be evenly weighted, but each weight can be changed through Mystra community management. The weighting ensures that no significant manipulation of one metric can occur to gain an advantage over others.**


