---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# 3.2 User Commitment

## Points for User Commitment - Contributing to the community

The User Commitment metric is managed by the Mystra bot, which runs on Mystra Discord and Telegram social channels. The bot manages the User Commitment metric scoring system is integrated into the Mystra platform and feeds the User Commitment metric with data.

### The goals of the User Commitment metric:

- To encourage members of the Mystra community to have valuable, cultural, and meaningful conversations on Mystra communication channels such as Discord and Telegram.
- To encourage members of the Mystra community to help other users with the Mystra platform and the Mystra ecosystem as a whole, and the projects incubated on the Mystra platform.
- User Commitment metrics reward active community members and penalize prolonged inactivity.
- Elimination of bots and fake accounts.

### User Commitment metrics will do the following:

When a user joins one or both of Mystra's social channels, the bot will assign the appropriate number of points and rank the user. Points may increase or decrease depending on the user's behaviour on the channel. This also means that a user's rank can be assigned higher or lower. Users can reward other users with points if they think the user deserves it. The bot mechanisms guard against abuse of excessive and too frequent rewards for the same user, to avoid falsification of metrics. The growth period will be a linear 30 days. After 30 days, each subsequent day the bot removes the points collected on day one from the 30, the next day it removes the points from day two from the thirty. The user's role is to maintain an ongoing level of engagement in conversations to maintain and/or increase their metric and rank points. The weight of the metric is expressed in points and in % and represents the % of the user's points share of the total points that users have within the User Commitment metric.
