---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# 3.2 Soldier Rating

### Soldier Rating aims to:
- Encourage positive, performance-based participation in the platform
- Encourage forward-looking behavior by investors
- Provide a balanced mechanism that prevents abuse of a single measure to beat the system
- Enable new participants to work towards a good rating and weak and inactive participants to degrade

### Metrics
 
Soldier Rating is a score that includes 7 key metrics to measure positive participation in CasperArmy. These are described below.
User rating metrics - Soldier Rating (summary and average of metrics 1-7):

1. <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/point-system/3.3-Soldier-Commitment">Soldier Commitment</a> - Community Contribution - points earned from community telegram and/or discord
2. <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/point-system/3.4-Social-Missions-Commitment">Social Missions Commitment</a> - Participation in CasperArmy social media campaigns (e.g. sweepwidget)
3. <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/point-system/3.5-Staking">Staking</a> - Participation in staking on the CasperArmy validator
4. <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/point-system/3.6-Vote-Quality">Vote Quality</a>
5. <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/point-system/3.7-Venture-Capital">Venture Capital</a> - Participation in Venture Capital of incubated projects
6. <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/point-system/3.8-Tickets">Call-up Tickets</a>
7. <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/point-system/3.9-CasperArmyNFT">CasperArmy NFTs</a>

## Soldier Rating
 
### Participants can make positive contributions to the broader ecosystem and should be rewarded accordingly. The objectives of the "Soldier Rating" metric are:

1. To encourage investors to take a long-term view of the Blockchain ecosystem.
2. CasperArmy's rating system rewards those who make positive contributions to other blockchain products, including activities such as staking in other protocols.

## The Soldier Rating metric will perform the following tasks:

### The initial version will track activities related to:

- Staking CSPR on the CasperArmy validator.
- Amount of call-up tickets held.
- User activity on the CasperArmy social channels - Discord and Telegram.
- User activity for SweepWidget campaigns organized by CasperArmy.

Soldier Rating is the sum of the above metrics. Each metric will be evenly weighted, but each weight can be changed through CasperArmy community management. The weighting ensures that no significant manipulation of one metric can occur to gain an advantage over others.

## Penalties

To ensure every participant has an equal opportunity to earn a good Soldier Rating by focusing on the seven metrics above, negative or inactive activity will be penalized and an investor's Soldier Rating will be negatively impacted.

### The objectives of penalizing users for the above are as follows:

- To discourage individuals from withdrawing from CasperArmy VC investments and abandoning staking.
- Reducing an individual's Soldier Rating, thereby reducing the benefits of a good Soldier Rating.
- Ensuring that the penalty does not discourage people from returning to CasperArmy, but requires them to improve their Soldier Rating through the same process as for everyone else.
- Discouraging the withdrawal of large amounts of CSPR from staking immediately after completing the token purchase process of an incubated project.

### The unstaking/undelegating penalty will perform the following actions:

Once the unstaking/undelegating transaction is posted, the amount of CSPR that was removed from staking will affect the individual's Soldier Rating, but the impact of the penalty will decrease over time. The penalty will be applied to the staking metric and proportionally to the individual's four Soldier Rating metrics. These four metrics are Soldier Commitment, Social Missions Commitment, Venture Capital and Vote Quality. The penalty does not include the CasperArmyNFT and Call-up ticket metrics.

The incremental penalty reduction period will be 30 days. On the first day, 30/30 of the amount of staking that has been unstaked will result in a reduction of the individual's Soldier Rating. After 30 days, the unstaked penalty will no longer affect the Soldier Rating.
