---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# 3.3 Soldier Commitment

## Points for Soldier Commitment - Contributing to the community

The Soldier Commitment metric is managed by the CasperArmy bot, which runs on CasperArmy's Discord and Telegram social channels. The bot manages the Soldier Commitment metric scoring system is integrated into the Casperarmy.org platform and feeds the Soldier Commitment metric with data.

### The goals of the Soldier Commitment metric:

- To encourage members of the CasperArmy community to have valuable, cultural, and meaningful conversations on CasperArmy communication channels such as Discord and Telegram.
- To encourage members of the CasperArmy community to help other users with the CasperArmy platform and the CasperArmy ecosystem as a whole, and the projects incubated on the CasperArmy platform.
- Soldier Commitment metrics reward active community members and penalize prolonged inactivity.
- Elimination of bots and fake accounts.

### Soldier Commitment metrics will do the following:

When a user joins one or both of CasperArmy's social channels, the bot will assign the appropriate number of points and rank the user. Points may increase or decrease depending on the user's behaviour on the channel. This also means that a user's rank can be assigned higher or lower. Users can reward other users with points if they think the user deserves it. The bot mechanisms guard against abuse of excessive and too frequent rewards for the same user, to avoid falsification of metrics. The growth period will be a linear 30 days. After 30 days, each subsequent day the bot removes the points collected on day one from the 30, the next day it removes the points from day two from the thirty. The user's role is to maintain an ongoing level of engagement in conversations to maintain and/or increase their metric and rank points. The weight of the metric is expressed in points and in % and represents the % of the user's points share of the total points that users have within the Soldier Commitment metric.
