---
sidebar_position: 5
---

# 3.5 Staking

## Points for Staking

Governance is fundamental to CasperArmy. By delegating their CSPR tokens to the CasperArmy validator, participants contribute to the CasperArmy network and community, and are the basis for the first step of verifying the trustworthiness of a user account. Please note that to access the resources of the CasperArmy platform, you must have at least one Call-up NFT Ticket and have staked a minimum of 5000 CSPR. For more information, check out the <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.7-call-up-ticket">Call-up Ticket</a> and <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.9-staking">Staking</a>.

### The goals of the staking metric are as follows:

- To encourage CSPR staking on the CasperArmy validator. Check out the <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/validator/7.3-Benefits-of-staking">Benefits of staking</a>
- Soldier Rating rewards long-term delegators over short-term delegators
- Ensure that all new delegators of CasperArmy feel they have a chance to participate if they make the effort to attend.
- Discourage those who make last moment attempts to participate in staking with large amounts of CSPR to participate in <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.3%20Venture%20Capital">Venture Capital</a> Investments on the <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/PLATFORM/5.3-Available-features">CasperArmy platform</a>. 
- Eliminate bots and fake accounts.

### The staking metric will specify the following actions:

- Once a staking transaction is posted, the amount of CSPR delegated will be counted towards a person's rating by gradually increasing over time.
- The growth period will be a linear 30 days, where after one day 1/30th of the amount staked on the CasperArmy validator will be counted towards the soldier's rating on the account. After 30 days, the entire amount staked on the CasperArmy validator will count towards the soldier's rating.
 
- Participation in <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.9-staking">staking</a> on the CasperArmy <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/validator/7.1-Validator-features">validator</a>. Check  out the <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/validator/7.3-Benefits-of-staking">Benefits of staking</a>

### Points for staking

Tier: 5,000 - 200,000 CSPR
Points in pool: 200,000

Your staking points depend on how many CSPR you have staked and what proportion of your total staked CSPR that amount represents.
 
Each of the five soldier evaluation metrics is assigned 200,000 points. This means that the entire community has 200,000 Staking Score points available. These points represent the total number of CSPR staked. The range of staked CSPR considered for the scoring system is 5000 - 200,000 CSPR. This means that if you stake less than 5000 CSPR then you are not considered for the staking rating and if you stake more than 200,000 CSPR then a maximum of 200,000 CSPR is taken into account from your balance for the scoring system. Your points reflect how much of the pot your staked CSPR represents.

#### Example:

If there is a total of 50,000 CSPR and you have staked 10,000 CSPR. Your points are calculated by dividing your staking amount by the total staked amount; 10,000 divided by 50,000 is 0.20 and is 20% of the pot. Your score is 20% of 200,000, which equals 40,000 points.
If the size of the pot doubled to 100,000 and your amount remained the same, it would represent 10% (10,000 / 100,000) of the pot and would be worth 20,000* (10% of 200,000) points.
