---
sidebar_position: 6
---

# 3.6 Vote Quality

## Points for Vote Quality

Like the Soldier Commitment metric, voting is central to CasperArmy's governance process, so participants will be evaluated on their activity in voting on incubated project proposals and the development of the CasperArmy platform and encouraged to do so through their rating.

### The goals of the voting metric (Vote Quality) are as follows:

- Encourage voting on governance proposals.
- Vote quality metrics reward participation in voting.

### The Vote Quality metric will perform the following functions:

- The number of votes an individual casts on a proposal will count toward their CasperArmy rating.
- To encourage continued participation in CasperArmy activities through voting, the vote quality metric will only include votes cast within the last 60 days.

## Vote quality

### Governance requires high quality proposals and voting processes. This ensures that votes are cast on proposals where the vote and proposal outcome are measurable. The goals of the vote quality metric are as follows:

- Encourage voting on governance proposals.
- Vote quality rewards those who actively research and make informed decisions and then cast quality votes on proposals.

### The Vote quality metric will perform the following tasks:

The initial metric (RaiseTarget) will be based on selling out the CasperArmy Venture Capital offering, i.e., investors funding the full target amount of the incubated project. Those voting in favour of a token launch proposal that achieves RaiseTarget will be rewarded, and those voting against a token launch proposal that does not achieve RaiseTarget will be rewarded.

To encourage continued participation in CasperArmy Venture Capital, the voting quality metric will only consider the quality of votes cast in the last 60 days.
