---
sidebar_position: 9
---

# 3.9 Penalties

## Penalties

To ensure every participant has an equal opportunity to earn a good User Rating by focusing on the seven metrics above, negative or inactive activity will be penalized and an investor's User Rating will be negatively impacted.

### The objectives of penalizing users for the above are as follows:

- To discourage individuals from withdrawing from Mystra VC investments and abandoning staking.
- Reducing an individual's User Rating, thereby reducing the benefits of a good User Rating.
- Ensuring that the penalty does not discourage people from returning to Mystra, but requires them to improve their User Rating through the same process as for everyone else.
- Discouraging the withdrawal of large amounts of CSPR from staking immediately after completing the token purchase process of an incubated project.

### The unstaking/undelegating penalty will perform the following actions:

Once the unstaking/undelegating transaction is posted, the amount of CSPR that was removed from staking will affect the individual's User Rating, but the impact of the penalty will decrease over time. The penalty will be applied to the staking metric and proportionally to the individual's four User Rating metrics. These four metrics are User Engagement, Social Missions Engagement, Decentralized Venture Capital and Vote Quality. The penalty does not inculde Premium Passes metrics.

The incremental penalty reduction period will be 30 days. On the first day, 30/30 of the amount of staking that has been unstaked will result in a reduction of the individual's User Rating. After 30 days, the unstaked penalty will no longer affect the User Rating.
