---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# 2.1 Creators Platform

The Creators Platform is a module that allows project builders to independently bring their ideas to life, starting from early stages such as concept development and proceeding to the final product with full project autonomy. It's also possible to utilize Mystra's services at any stage of project development.

On the Mystra platform, any type of project, regardless of its complexity, can be created. This includes simple NFT projects, as well as more advanced applications such as various DeFi solutions or DAO management systems. Every project built on the Mystra platform receives support from the Mystra team at every stage of its creation.

The project implementation process begins with the verification of creators in accordance with KYB (Know Your Business) requirements and the signing of appropriate confidentiality agreements between project creators and the Mystra management. The information that will be made public is subject to evaluation by the DAO community to assess their interest in the project and willingness to engage at an early stage through Decentralized Venture Capital.

Upon successful creator verification and DAO community acceptance, the project enters the HUB incubator, where it receives technical and substantive support.

## Process in a nutshell:

**1. KYB/KYC Assessment**
  - Verification process
  - DAO Voting process assessment

**2. Incubation**
  - Personal support for projects and teams
  - Free tools for builders, including API
  - Marketing, legal, and contact support, etc.

**3. Project Launch**
  - Acquisition of project assets by the community DAO
  - Project autonomy

You will find more information about the development progress of projects in the section: <a href="https://docs.mystra.io/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.4%20Incubation%20HUB">2.4 Incubation HUB</a> and <a href="https://docs.mystra.io/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.5%20Development%20Assistance">2.5 Development Assistance</a>.

## What are the benefits of collaborating with Mystra?

In addition to a wide range of support related to development through provided tools, connections, and marketing, the community centered around Mystra plays a significant role.

- During the project incubation, both creators and the community have an influence on the project's development direction, providing invaluable feedback. The opinions and perspectives of the community are surveyed, and their attitude toward project assumptions is analyzed. This, in turn, leads to revisions and updates to project assumptions to make them as profitable and market-responsive as possible. Through DAO, this community expresses its interest and readiness for early investments, aligning with the project much earlier than its public launch.

- The community-based point system that forms the basis of Mystra requires users to regularly vote within the DAO regarding proposals. This brings positive outcomes for both the incubated project and the voting users. The point system rewards users for participating in votes, and the platform's creators enjoy high participation rates, contributing to substantial project development commitment.

- Mystra's platform connects communities from various blockchains, significantly extending the project's reach and awareness at an early stage of development. The aforementioned point system incentivizes users to participate in product promotion campaigns and engage in independent product promotion, earning them points. These points, in turn, increase their influence within the DAO and their allocation in investments.

