---
sidebar_position: 9
---

# 2.10 Staking & Farming

## Staking

Staking is a way to earn on your cryptocurrencies without losing them. It works similarly to depositing money in a bank, but with digital currency.

When you delegate your cryptocurrencies, you don't transfer them to anyone, but rather lock them in a special account to help secure the blockchain network. In return, you receive rewards in the form of additional cryptocurrencies.

Your delegated cryptocurrencies contribute to maintaining the blockchain network, and the more people do this, the more secure the network becomes. In return, you receive a portion of new cryptocurrencies as a reward.

Staking is a way to earn on your cryptocurrencies without having to sell them. You can use them or withdraw them whenever you like. It's as if your cryptocurrencies are working for you while also helping to maintain the blockchain. 

**Important!:** The staked coins are never physically transferred to the validator. Control of the coins always belongs to the delegator (to you). In the Casper network, even if the validator becomes inactive, you will still be able to undelegate your CSPR. You have full control over them. 

**More information about available Mystra nodes and staking instructions can be found in the section: 7.Node Validator**

## Farming

Farming aims to earn more cryptocurrencies by holding assets in specific DeFi (Decentralized Finance) protocols or platforms. 

Farming participants deposit their funds to generate income in the form of additional tokens or interest. This means they are more closely associated with DeFi projects than with the blockchain network itself, unlike staking.

In farming, rewards can come in the form of various tokens or interest from different protocols, which may also involve higher risk.


### Nodes:
- On Casper Network (CasperArmy Node Validator for staking on Casper Network) <a href="https://cspr.live/validator/020377bc3ad54b5505971e001044ea822a3f6f307f8dc93fa45a05b7463c0a053bed">Redirect to node</a>
- On Ethereum Network (in progress...)
- On Polygon Network (in progress...)

### Important
The staked coins are never physically transferred to the validator. Control of the coins always belongs to the delegator (to you). Even if the validator becomes inactive, you will still be able to undelegate your CSPR. <a href="https://docs.mystra.io/docs/validator/7.1-Validator-features">Read More...</a>
