---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# 2.2 DAO

## What is a DAO?
DAO stands for decentralized autonomous organization.

### What it means?
DAO’s are internet-native organizations owned and governed by their members. Like a democracy, decisions happen from the bottom up and everyone gets a say. The rules of the DAO and the treasury they use to operate are secured by smart contracts.

Smart Contracts are essentially chunks of code that automatically execute whenever a set of criteria are met.

Typically, members buy/hold tokens that give them access to the DAO’s management protocol. Anyone can buy/keep one of these tokens, which is why DAO’s are decentralized. In the case of CasperArmy, the management functions are performed by the NFT with an appropriately assigned voting power.

The purchase of their governance NFTs tokens helps to fund the CasperArmy DAO’s treasury.

Token value is driven by the treasury combined with the value of being a part member/governor of a particular DAO.

### So, how does it work?
DAO’s operate by enabling any member to make proposals and other members to vote on those proposals. These proposals generally involve ways to allocate the funds in the DAO’s treasury. If the vote passes the rules of the DAO (i.e. 60% majority needed), then the proposal is carried out by the smart contracts. This process happens autonomously and is secured by the blockchain, making it tamper-proof. The blockchain also keeps the treasury and all dealings of the DAO transparent and public. Which provides trust for investors, partners, customers, and other stakeholders.

### Bringing it all together…
DAO’s allow mass collaboration amongst likeminded individuals to crowdfund and pursue mutually beneficial goals. Like CasperArmy <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.3%20Venture%20Capital">VC</a> module that vote on investments, then split dividends/profits - tokens allocations. They also align the incentives of decision makers and stakeholders.
