---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# 2.2 Incubation HUB

Incubation HUB is a dynamic environment where we support the financing, development, and acceleration of businesses based on blockchain technology. Our mission covers the entire process, starting from providing financial support, through launching innovative projects, to their acceleration and growth. Mystra Incubation HUB serves as an incubator for startups, offering comprehensive tools, technology, and support that contribute to the success of projects.

Our advanced solutions based on data, technology, and analytics allow us to identify potential business opportunities and predict market trends. We collaborate with businesses, forming partnerships that benefit both the projects we support and the Mystra community.

Incubation HUB not only provides financial resources but also engages specialists and advisors to effectively assess projects for their growth potential. Internal experiments, research based on voting governance, and the selection of profitable projects are key elements of our strategy.

As a result, Mystra Incubation HUB becomes a catalyst for innovation and project development, creating an inspiring environment that fosters dynamic growth and success for blockchain businesses.

## Incubation Program includes:

**Mentorship and Advisory:**

- Individual mentoring from experienced entrepreneurs and industry specialists.
Advisory sessions on business strategy, product development, marketing, and finances.

**Training Support:**

- Organization of training sessions and workshops covering various aspects of business management.
Training on skills, project management, financial planning, etc.

**Network and Networking:**

- Opportunity to connect with other entrepreneurs, investors, mentors, and industry experts.
Organization of networking events, business meetings, and conferences.

**Financial Support and Funding:**

- Access to sources of funding such as grants, subsidies, angel investments, or VC funds.
Assistance in creating business plans and documentation required for fundraising.

**Access to Technological Resources:**

- Ability to use prototyping space and advanced technological tools. Sharing ready-made code blocks and Mystra API.
Support in developing and testing new technological solutions.

**Promotion and Exposure:**

- Promotion of startups on the Incubation Hub platform and among partners and investors.
Facilitation of participation in industry events and trade shows to increase visibility.

**Legal and Administrative Support:**

- Assistance in legal matters such as company registration, intellectual property protection, and contracts.
Administrative support, including assistance in managing documentation and bureaucratic procedures.

**Education and Community Mentoring:**

- Educational programs for the startup community in business and technological skills.
Building an active community through regular meetings, hackathons, and collaborative initiatives.
