---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# 2.3 Venture Capital

### Early-stage investments for masses.
Crypto investors prefer early access to projects. Sadly, early-stage investments in most projects are reserved for private investors and VC’s who have a lot of capital to offer and often buy tokens in bulk for discounted prices. On the other hand, retail investors can’t afford to be a part of this or given the opportunity to partake.

CasperArmy VC is a modern version of Venture Capital fund managed by the community on the <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.2%20DAO">DAO</a> rules, giving the community the opportunity to enter the early stage of investment in projects (seed round and private sales).

### Team up with experienced investors and bring your project to life.
CasperArmy Venture Capital is a for-profit <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.2%20DAO">DAO</a> created by the <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/what-is-casperarmy/1.1-Description">CasperArmy</a> community for the purposes of making investments into early-stage Decentralized Applications (DApps). It embodies a community-oriented membership structure and offers radical flexibility in participation in a manner that is unparalleled by traditional “venture capital fund” models.

Our investments are directed to our DAO members - members of the <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/what-is-casperarmy/1.1-Description">CasperArmy</a> community associated with the <a href="https://casper.army">CasperArmy platform</a>. They will be the ones sourcing, conducting due diligence, proposing, and voting on investments.

We want to be the first participant and support your project/start-up on the <a href="https://casper.network">Casper Network</a>.

### Why you should work with us?
- We want to support the ideas of ambitious people who want to build on the Casper Network.
- CasperArmy team consists of experienced analysts, engineers, investors, advisers and community builders who have ‘been there‘ and ‘done that‘. We have a realistic take on what it takes to execute. We aren’t just on the side lines watching, most of us are actively in the game alongside with you. Therefore, we will be happy to offer assistance not only in obtaining funds, but also <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.5%20Development%20Assistance">legal assistance, programmers' facilities, marketing and other support</a>. We will also help you pass the audit successfully and simplify the way leading to listing on external launchpads or DEX (Decentralized Exchanges) or CEX (Centralized Exchanges). Thanks to this, we will help you to implement a promising project that has a chance to be a great success.
- Together with the CasperArmy community, we will help you build a strong community around your project.
- We are comfortable working with projects that are pre-company formation and pre-business model.
- We are comfortable working with remote teams and anyone, based anywhere in the world.

### Why is CasperArmy an attractive Incubator/VC/Launchpad for new projects?
When mentioning CasperArmy, one of its most highlighted is community strength. The platform has a long-term mindset community who are committed to holding the project tokens and not selling them too quickly in the open market. The CasperArmy community spans the globe, making every project recognizable everywhere. Not only being more than just financial contributors, but they also understand how to promote and bring exposure to projects in the open market.

CasperArmy team members and the community are committed to 3 phases with each project, including incubating the pre-launch momentum, facilitating the official launch, and accelerating the post-launch growth. As such, when entering the CasperArmy ecosystem, projects get helped throughout the whole cycle not only in the seed stage, grow a community, legally, and can access CasperArmy network of partners. Additionally, the projects aren’t charged in advance.

CasperArmy gives the community early access to coming tokens allocations granted on the basis of the 'Soldier Rating' metric - that is, the analysis of the investor/user of the CasperArmy platform in the CasperArmy ecosystem.

Investors/users can benefit from the low entry barrier. Currently, users can stake minimum 5000 CSPR on CasperArmy node validator and need to have minimum one Call-Up Ticket and be a part of CasperArmy Discord and/or Telegram community to participate in an CasperArmy Venture Capital.
As the crypto world is filled with opportunities, CasperArmy DAO VC is breaking down entry barriers for all market participants by enabling them to access early-stage deals.

The CasperArmy focuses on projects buildings on Casper Network that are looking to raise funds or looking for incubation where they can launch quickly and don’t have to pay for these processes.

CasperArmy follows a community-based capital deployment mode.

Also, there’s a stand-off period after each IDO to ensure further representation. It’s also a wide community of marketers and investors created and influenced by KOL’s

There are many incentives such as bounty programs, airdrops, lotteries and referral programs are offered to the community. Participants can earn rewards by helping the community grow.

### Who we want to work with?
We want to work with teams/projects looking to be on the frontier and build their project in a crypto native, community first manner on Casper Network.
