---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# 2.3 Development Assistance

Development assistance is directed towards projects incubating on the Mystra platform within the Incubation HUB, as well as independent external creators and builders seeking support.

Our project development services are usually arranged as a package within a tightly-defined scope of work, which would typically include one or more of the following:

**Capital Formation Strategy:**
- Identification and pre-qualification of optimal sources of private or institutional debt finance, often supplemented by private equity investments, subordinated debt, or other forms of financing, can be initiated by utilizing our Incubation HUB. Subsequently, options can be evaluated.

**Business Planning:** 
- Assistance is available for developing or refining the business plan for your startup project to ensure it garners the support it deserves.

**Project Financial Modeling and Cash Flow Analysis:** 
- Financial models are reviewed, and ratio requirements are assessed to ensure the financial viability of the project.

**Risk Analysis and Mitigation Solutions:** 
- Identification and mitigation of risks associated with the project is facilitated.

**Management Team Qualifications:** 
- Resumes/CVs are reviewed to highlight qualifications and address any gaps.

**Structuring:** 
- This includes coordinating with attorneys, accountants, and other professionals to ensure proper project structuring.

**Project Search/Selection/Development:** 
- If your project is still in the conceptual phase, we assist in clarifying project elements, identifying missing partners, and resolving any issues before proceeding.

**Pre-Qualification Project Evaluation:** 
- We assess project fit before making a contractual commitment.

**Initial Project Assessment:** 
- This involves evaluating the degree of fit before applying for incubation and estimating the likelihood of a positive outcome from a Mystra DAO community vote on the investment decision.

**Preparation of Documentation:** 
- We assist in preparing executive summaries (One Pager) and presentations (Pitch Decks), including coaching on delivery, for financing purposes.

**Technical Assistance:** 
- Our experienced programmers provide support in building a dApp.

