---
sidebar_position: 5
---

# 2.5 Development Assistance

#### We bring diverse industry experience and help with blockchain integration.

#### Our project development services are usually arranged as a package within a tightly-defined scope of work, which would typically include one or more of the following:

#### Capital formation strategy 
- Identify and pre-qualify the optimal source(s) of private or institutional debt finance, sometimes supplemented by private equity investments, subordinated debt, or other forms.  Start by using our <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.4%20Incubation%20HUB">Incubation HUB</a> then evaluate your options.

#### Business planning
- We can help develop or polish your startup project business plan to ensure that your proposed project gains the backing it deserves.
- Project financial model and cash flow analysis and ratio requirements review

#### De-risking
- Risk analysis and mitigation solutions

#### Management team qualifications (resume/CV)
- Review to capture highlights identify how to present any gaps.

#### Structuring
- Including coordinating with attorneys, accountants and other professionals.

#### Project search/selection/development
- Not yet clear about the project itself? Elements or partners missing? Issues that need to be resolved before proceeding?

#### Pre-qualification project evaluation prior to application to Incubation
- Assess the degree of fit prior to making a contractual commitment.

#### Initial assessment of the project before submitting the application for Incubation
- Assessment of the degree of fit before making a contractual obligation. Estimation of the probability of a positive result of a <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.2%20DAO">CasperArmy DAO</a> community vote on the investment decision - <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.3%20Venture%20Capital">Venture Capital</a>.

#### Preparation of documentation
- Executive summary (One Pager) and presentations (Pitch Deck), including coaching on delivery, for financing.

#### Technical assistance
- Assistance in building a dApp using our experienced programmers

#### What project(s) are you developing on Casper Network? What resources do you need? Contact us.
