---
sidebar_position: 8
---

# 2.8 Premium Pass

## What is a Premium Pass?

The Premium Pass is presented in the form of a unique NFT with a specific identification number and is available in a limited quantity. It is required to access all the capabilities and features of the Mystra platform.

### What function does it serve?

#### 1. Premium Pass provides access to tools that allow you to create your own projects within the <a href="https://docs.mystra.io/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.1%20Creators%20platform">Creators Platform</a>.


#### 2. Using the Premium Pass in conjunction with <a href="https://docs.mystra.io/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.9-staking">staking</a> on the Mystra <a href="https://docs.mystra.io/docs/validator/7.1-Validator-features">validator</a> provides access to modules and benefits such as:

- #### <a href="https://docs.mystra.io/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.2%20DAO">DAO</a> (Decentralized Autonoumous Organization)

You have a decisive vote in matters related to the development of the Mystra platform and decisions related to the incubation of future projects on the platform.

- #### <a href="https://docs.mystra.io/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.3%20Venture%20Capital">Decentralized Venture Capital</a>
Participating in token acquisitions during the early seed round phase, functioning as a form of Decentralized Venture Capital, enables the community to privately commit to cryptocurrency tokens before their official debut on exchanges through the Launchpad.

- #### Launchpad
Acquiring tokens in various phases, including during public sales, is carried out in accordance with the principles of the Launchpad platform.

- #### More points in the <a href="https://docs.mystra.io/docs/point-system/3.1-Description">Point System</a>
Each Premium Pass is algorithmically assigned a specific number of points according to the <a href="https://docs.mystra.io/docs/point-system/3.1-Description">Point System</a>. The Premium Pass point metric is one of the 7 metrics influencing the User Rating. You can increase your total points by purchasing more Premium Passes. The number of points on the Mystra platform affects the allocation of tokens in the early stages of their acquisition through Decentralized Venture Capital and Launchpad, as well as influencing the strength of your vote in DAO. You can acquire a maximum of 100 Premium Passes per wallet. However, only 10 Premium Passes per wallet will be considered in the token acquisition and DAO voting process. This is aimed at preventing the dominance of large players and promoting more balanced management. To learn more about the point system, visit the link provided above.


## The acquisition of Premium Passes

The Premium Pass value varies depending on the round. It can be acquired directly on the Mystra platform or through the NFT Marketplace, either within the Mystra platform or on other independent markets.

(graphic here)

Visualization of the mystra.io Premium Pass sales subpage

## FAQ about Premium Passes


#### Why are Premium Passes sold in rounds?

- Premium Passes are sold in rounds due to adopted discount thresholds. The earlier you acquire your Premium Pass, the more advantageous it will be for you.

#### Where can I see my Acquired Premium Pass?

- Once Acquired, the Premium Pass will be assigned to your account which will be verifiable on the blockchain. However, you will be able to see all your Premium Passes and other products assigned to your account, points accumulated and NFTs held in the User Panel on the Mystra platform. Read more in the article under the heading <a href="https://docs.mystra.io/docs/PLATFORM/5.3-User-account">5.3 User Account</a>

#### What is the supply of Premium Passes?

- The total number of available Premium Passes in circulation is 43,900. The number of available Premium Passes is distributed across rounds, and their value depends on them. We consider the possibility of increasing the limited total quantity of Premium Passes in the future, provided there is a community DAO consensus expressing such a desire if we identify the need. However, currently, their quantity is limited, and DAO will decide on everything. You can track the number of available Premium Passes in an open round on the Mystra platform in the Premium Pass purchasing window.

#### How long will the Premium Pass sales last?

- The duration of rounds is not time-limited and depends solely on the depletion of each round's pool. Each successive round opens after the depletion of the previous one. It may happen that after a closed round, there will be a time-limited break before the next one is opened.


#### What if not all Premium Passes are sold in rounds?

- Unsold Premium Passes do not impact the development of the platform, its updates, and the launch of subsequent modules. The sale of Premium Passes will continue independently until the promotional pool is exhausted.

#### How many Premium Passes can I Acquire?

- One account/wallet can Acquire a maximum of 100 tickets. Even if you Acquire more Premium Passes and distribute them across multiple wallets, a maximum of 100 Premium Passes will still be assigned to your Mystra account.

#### Can I resell my Premium Pass?

- Yes, Premium Passes are transferable. You can transfer your Premium Pass to other wallets and list it on our or independent NFT Marketplace. The Premium Pass is in the form of an NFT token, and you can manage it at your discretion.

#### On which networks can I acquire a Premium Pass?

- To find out through which networks you can acquire Premium Passes, visit the section: <a href="https://docs.mystra.io/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.11-networks-and-payments">2.16 Operating networks</a>.

#### Why do I need a Premium Pass and additionally stake CSPR?

- It is important that reliable and active users of the Mystra community have access to the Mystra platform. The combination of having a Premium Pass and staking is one of several adopted mechanisms to check the credibility of the user and protects the platform from fake accounts and bots, which are often found on many platforms to gain allocations in a fraudulent way. By limiting the access to the platform to dishonest people in this way, we ensure real allocations for real users. Currently, it is possible to stake CSPR tokens on our validator. In the future, Mystra validation nodes will also be available on other networks. You can find more information on this topic in the section <a href="https://docs.mystra.io/docs/validator/7.1-Validator-features">7.1 Validator</a>

#### How does the Premium Pass work in the context of the Point System?

- The Premium Pass point metric is one of the 7 metrics influencing the User Rating on the Mystra platform. Data collected from all 7 metrics is applied to your User Rating, which determines allocation, ranking – position in the community, voting power, place in the queue, airdrop allocation and chances, and much more. You can learn more about this in the section <a href="https://docs.mystra.io/docs/point-system/3.1-Description">3. Point System</a>. 


#### When will the Premium Pass sales start?

- Information about the start of Round 1 Premium Pass sales will appear on our official <a href="https://twitter.com/mystraofficial">Twitter</a> and on Mystra social media channels i.e. <a href="https://discord.gg/sZQVdRCyqx">Discord</a> and <a href="https://t.me/mystraofficial">Telegram</a>.


#### Premium Pass Airdrop

- Follow our social media to stay updated on Airdrop-related information.
