---
sidebar_position: 6
---

# 1.6 Privacy Policy

# 1. WHO WE ARE
The controller i.e., an entity that determines means and purposes of processing your personal data is the CasperArmy Organization (hereinafter “we”, “us”, “CasperArmy”). We are a blockchain technology organization that operates a DAO, DAL, Incubator, Hub and Venture Capital platform with additional tools which enables its users to obtain tokens at early stages of development of projects we incubate. We are devoted to protecting the privacy and personal data of our users and business partners. This Privacy Policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us in accordance with data protection laws.

# 2. HOW DO WE COLLECT AND PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
Depending on how you interact with us, we may process different categories of your personal data for different purposes. We may collect data from you directly on https://casperarmy.org, https://casperarmy.io, https://casper.army websites (e.g. newsletter submission) or outside this digital property (e.g. via forms, surveys, mailbox).

### We may process your personal data in the following situations:

# AIRDROP

## SELECTION FOR SEED ROUND TOKENS SALE
We will collect personal data about you via a dedicated form available on sweepwidget.com and by user account profile on our CasperArmy platform. We will process the following categories of personal data: your name, email address and information about your progress regarding the tasks enlisted in the form and/or in the CasperArmy platform.

## PURPOSE OF PROCESSING AND LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING
We will process your data to select persons who will qualify for the chance to take part in the seed rounds of incubated projects. The legal basis for the processing of personal data is your consent. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing which was carried out on the basis of consent before its withdrawal.

## RECIPIENTS OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Your data will be processed only by authorized staff. Your personal data may be processed by or shared with data processors engaged by CasperArmy, i.e., IT service providers, cloud computing service providers and social media contest tool providers. Your personal data may be processed in the EEA and may be transferred to countries from outside the European Economic Area (“third countries”), in particular the US. In case of data transfer to third countries, we will take measures to ensure the transfer is in compliance with applicable laws (such as transferring the personal data to a recipient that entered into data protection clauses referred to in article the 46(2)(c) GDPR or other measures provided by the GDPR).

## RETENTION PERIOD
Your personal data that you provided us with via CasperArmy platform will be processed by us for no longer than 6 months since the day of closing CasperArmy user account profile and no longer than 6 months since the day of end sweepwidget.com campaign.

## SELECTION FOR “AIRDROP” - ARCHIVED
If you choose to take part in the process of selection of users who acquire Call-Up Tickets and/or CasperArmyNFT during the “airdrop” distribution, we will collect personal data about you via a dedicated form available on sweepwidget.com. We will process the following categories of personal data: your name, email address and information about your progress regarding the tasks enlisted in the form.

## PURPOSE OF PROCESSING AND LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING
We will process your data in order to select persons who will qualify for “airdrop” distribution of Call-Up Tickets, CasperArmyNFT, or tokens of incubated projects. The legal basis for the processing of personal data is your consent. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing which was carried out on the basis of consent before its withdrawal.

## RECIPIENTS OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Your data will be processed only by authorized staff. Your personal data may be processed by or shared with data processors engaged by CasperArmy, i.e., IT service providers, cloud computing service providers and social media contest tool providers. Your personal data may be processed in the EEA and may be transferred to countries from outside the European Economic Area (“third countries”), in particular the US. In case of data transfer to third countries, we will take measures to ensure the transfer is in compliance with applicable laws (such as transferring the personal data to a recipient that entered into data protection clauses referred to in article the 46(2)(c) GDPR or other measures provided by the GDPR.)

# NEWSLETTER

## SUBMISSION FOR OUR NEWSLETTER AND OTHER COMMERCIAL INFORMATION
If you would like to receive commercial information from CasperArmy, in particular our newsletter you may submit your email in a dedicated text input field on our website or in a dedicated form on a third party’s digital property (e.g., sweepwidget). We will process the following categories of personal data: your name, email.

## PURPOSE OF PROCESSING AND LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING
We will process your data for our marketing purposes i.e., to send you our commercial information and promote our platform. The legal basis for the processing of personal data is your consent for receiving commercial information from us, in particular CasperArmy newsletters. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing which was carried out on the basis of consent before its withdrawal.

## RECIPIENTS OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Your data will be processed only by authorized staff. Your personal data may be processed by or shared with data processors i.e. IT service providers, cloud computing service providers and online marketing service providers. Your personal data may be processed in the EEA and may be transferred to countries from outside European Economic Area (“third countries”), in particular the US. In case of data transfer to third countries, we will take measures to ensure the transfer is in compliance with applicable laws (such as transferring the personal data to a recipient that entered into data protection clauses referred to in article the 46(2)(c) GDPR or other measures provided by the GDPR.)

## RETENTION PERIOD
Your data will be processed for 3 years since the day of its collection.

# 3. DATA SECURITY MEASURES
You acknowledge that no data transmission over the internet is totally secure. Accordingly, we cannot warrant the security of any information which you transmit to us. We have implemented organizational and technical measures to assure an appropriate level of security of your data to be in line with the standards laid down in Article 32 of the GDPR. We have deployed procedures regarding every aspect of data processing, and we carefully select technologies used for such processing and any data recipients. Your data is protected against human interactions, equipment malfunctions, internal or external attacks, losses, or misuses. To maintain data integrity, we have designed our systems and internal procedures to keep at all times consistency, accuracy, and trustworthiness of data over its entire life cycle. Furthermore, our information systems are developed and maintained to ensure data availability at high level, making it consistently accessible to authorized end users and applications, when and where they need it. Our systems and procedures also comply with the principles of personal data processing established by GDPR, i.e., data minimization, limited retention, purpose limitation, data accuracy, lawfulness, and transparency. We make sure that all our contractors maintain high standards in relation to data security. You need to help us prevent unauthorized access to your account by protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your account (for example, by logging out after you have finished accessing your account). You will be solely responsible for keeping your password confidential and for all use of your password and your account, including any unauthorized use. While we seek to protect your personal data to ensure that it is kept confidential, we cannot absolutely guarantee its security. However, we do not store any passwords as an added layer of security. Please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and thus we cannot and do not guarantee the security of your data. While we strive to protect your personal data, we cannot ensure or warrant the security and privacy of your personal data or other content you transmit using the service, and you do so at your own risk. It is important that you maintain the security and control of your account credentials, and not share your password with anyone.

# 4. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 18. This website is not directed at children under the age of 18. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.

# 5. COOKIES
On our website we do not use cookies.

# 6. EXERCISING YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
To the extent provided by the applicable data protection laws you have the right to:

- Right to express and withdraw your consent If we ask for consent to process your personal data, you can always choose to give it or not. We inform you about the right to withdraw your consent before giving consent. If the processing is based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent by contacting us at headquarters@casperarmy.org or in case a commercial email from us by clicking “unsubscribe” in the email you received.
- Right of access You have the right to obtain confirmation if we process your personal data. If we do, you have the right to access your personal data and receive a copy of your data. The first copy of your personal data is free of charge. For any further copies you request, we may charge you a fair fee based on the administrative costs resulting from preparing this information.
- Right to rectification You have the right to rectify and complete the personal data you provide.
- Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) To the extent permitted by the applicable laws you have the right to have us erase your personal data. We will keep some of your personal data despite the demand to erase it if it’s necessary for performing our legal duties or establishing, pursuing, or defending a claim.
- Right to restriction of processing You have the right to have us restrict the processing of your personal data when one of the following applies: you contest the accuracy of your personal data; the processing of your personal data is unlawful, and you request the restriction of its use instead of erasing it; we no longer need your personal data to process it, but you require it to establish, exercise, or defend legal claims; you object to the processing of your personal data.
- Right to object You have the right to object, on grounds relating to your specific situation, at any time, to the processing of your personal data, providing that we are processing your personal data based on our legitimate interests. Regarding the processing for legitimate interests as pointed out above, if your objection turns out to be legitimate and we don’t have any other legal grounds for processing your data, we will remove the data you don’t want us to process.
- Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. You have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent supervisory authority in the country you reside. To find out more about your rights concerning processing of your personal data and how to exercise them, please contact us at: headquarters@casperarmy.org

# 7. PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
In order to develop the privacy protection, we may deem it fit or necessary to update this Privacy Policy at any time. Please follow our website where we will inform you about any material changes to our Privacy Policy.
