---
sidebar_position: 7
---

# 1.7 Terms and Conditions

## Disclaimer and Risk Statement
By reading this document, the Visitor (as defined below) is aware that:

## Disclaimer
The information contained in or provided on or through the Website (as defined below) is not intended to be and does not constitute financial and investment advice, trading advice, trading advice, or any other type of advice, and you should not treat any of the website's content as such. You alone assume the sole responsibility of evaluating the merits and risks associated with using any information or other content on this website before making any decisions based on such information. The Project (as defined below) is a for-profit Non Governance Organization proceeding to the sale of NFT tokens (as defined below) for the purpose of financing its business activity. The Project is not a bank, a security firm, an asset manager, a portfolio manager or an investment advisor. The Project is not a financial institution or a financial service provider.

## Risk Statement
Blockchain technology and crypto-assets carry significant risks, including the possible loss of all value allocated in crypto-assets. Such risks arise from the novelty of this technology, the regulatory uncertainty, the possibility of hacking, the high volatility and the information asymmetry characterising the crypto market. Visitors should not purchase crypto-assets with funds they cannot afford to lose. Furthermore, the Visitor is strongly encouraged to seek financial and legal advice regarding the use of crypto-assets and the use of our services.

## Preamble
The Agreement (as defined below) shall govern the use of CasperArmy (as defined below) and shall constitute a binding contract between the Visitors (as defined below), the Users (as defined below), the Participants (as defined below), the Projects (as defined below), and the Ecosystem Operator (as defined below).
By browsing the website, any Visitor (as defined below) acknowledges having read and understood the Agreement and agrees to be bound by its terms and conditions and comply with the Agreement and all applicable laws and regulations.
 By performing any activities on the websites: casperarmy.org, casper.army, casperarmy.io you fully and consciously accept all terms and conditions of the Agreement governing the use of CasperArmy products.
By giving its consent, the Visitor confirms that its level of English is sufficient to understand the meaning of the terms and conditions of this Agreement as well as all the commitments, warranties, waivers and obligations contained herein.
If the Visitor is browsing the Website on behalf of a business or other entity, the Visitor represents and warrants that the Visitor has the necessary authority to bind that business or entity to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and that the Visitor agrees to this Agreement on behalf of that business or entity.
The Ecosystem Operator shall have the right to unilaterally modify and/or update the terms and conditions of this Agreement at any time without notice. The continuous use of the Website by the Visitor shall be deemed as acceptance of this Agreement in the last and most updated version. Any Visitor shall periodically check the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

By making use of the Website, the Visitor acknowledges and agrees that: (i) The Visitor is aware of the risks associated with crypto-assets, including but not limited to cybersecurity risks and regulatory risks; (ii) The Visitor shall assume all risks related to the use of CasperArmy and crypto-assets transactions and also NFTs; and (iii) The Ecosystem Operator shall not be liable for any such risks or adverse outcomes.
It is understood and presumed that, before purchasing Call-Up NFT Tickets (as defined below), CasperArmyNFT, or any assets, the Participant has fully read, understood, and irrevocably accepted the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If any Participant does not agree with this Agreement in general or in any part, such Participant should refrain from using the Website and/or purchasing Call-Up NFT Tickets (as defined below), CasperArmyNFT, or any assets offered on CasperArmy. This Agreement contains important provisions, including an arbitration provision that requires all claims to be resolved by way of legally binding arbitration.
The market value of crypto-assets may fluctuate significantly, and there is a substantial risk of economic losses when purchasing, selling, or holding digital tokens.
If any Visitor does not agree with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the Visitor should refrain from using the Website.

# TERMS & CONDITIONS

## 1.Definitions And Interpretations
1.1. The following terms, as used herein, shall have the following meanings, respectively, unless inconsistent with the subject or context. Other capitalized terms may be defined elsewhere in this Agreement and, unless otherwise indicated, shall have such meaning throughout this Agreement.

1.2. “Agreement” shall mean these terms and conditions governing the use of CasperArmy, including but not limited to the Platform and the Services.

1.3. “AML” means Anti Money Laundering.

1.4. “Confidential Information” shall mean any data or information that is proprietary to or possessed by the Ecosystem Operator and not generally known to the public or that has not yet been revealed, including but not limited to:

1.4.1.any scientific or technical information, invention, design, process, know-how, procedure, software programs, development tool, code, and database;

1.4.2.any marketing strategy, financial information, financial projection, financial estimate, business plan, business model, analysis of competitors and their products or services, technical and expert assessments of products and services that are being developed, designed or studied or that may be produced in the future;

1.4.3.legal opinions, legal memos, legal research reports, general legal advices and compliance reports;

1.4.4.trade secrets, plans for future products or services, and customer or supplier lists; and

1.4.5.any other information that should reasonably be recognised as Confidential Information by the Ecosystem Operator.

1.5. “Cookie” shall mean a piece of information that is placed on the Visitor’s device when it accesses the Website. The Cookie uniquely identifies Visitor’s browser to the server. Cookies allow the Ecosystem Operator to store information on the server (for example language preferences, technical information, click or path information, etc.) to help improve the Website’s browsing experience and to conduct analysis and performance reviews.

1.6.“CasperArmy Platform” or “ CasperArmy digital ecosystem” shall mean a digital ecosystem as described according to clause 2.3.

1.7.“Platform Rules” refer to all rules, interpretations, announcements, statements, letters of consent and other contents that have been and will be subsequently released by CasperArmy, as well as all regulations, implementation rules, product process descriptions, and announcements published in the Help Center or within products or service processes.

1.8.“CasperArmyNFT” and "Call-Up Ticket" shall mean the native utility-type  non-fungible tokens (NFT) issued by CasperArmy.

1.9.“Ecosystem Operator” shall mean the legal entity or entities operating the CasperArmy digital ecosystem.

1.10.“Governmental Authority” shall mean any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any entity exercising legislative, judicial or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, including, without limitations, any government authority, agency, department, board, commission or instrumentality, and any court, tribunal or arbitrator(s) of competent jurisdiction, and any self-regulatory organisation.

1.11.“GST” shall mean Goods and Services Tax.

1.12..“Intellectual Property” means any and all ownership or proprietary rights, rights of use or any other rights with respect to the domain names, patents and patent applications, trade secrets, trademarks and service marks, trademark and service mark registrations and applications (including, but not limited to CasperArmy trademark), any other trade names, design rights, logos, copyrights, copyright registrations and applications, and any other intellectual or industrial property right in connection or related to CasperArmy product.

1.13.“KYC” means Know Your Customer.

1.14.“KYB” means Know Your Business.

1.15.“Laws” shall mean and include any law, regulation, or other provisions that have legal effect in any jurisdiction where the Business is situated or operates.

1.16.“Product” includes the CasperArmy Platform, Call-Up Ticket, CasperArmyNFT and any other Intellectual Property of the Service Provider licensed to the Customer under this Agreement for the purposes of conducting the Project and to use the resources provided and provision of any other services of the Service Provider under this Agreement.

1.17. “Participants” shall mean Users of CasperArmy who participate in an Call-Up Ticket, CasperArmyNFT Private and/or in a Public Round or participate in seed round of any Project(s).

1.18.“Project(s)” shall mean a company duly registered and validly existing in their country of incorporation that sells Utility Tokens within the context of a Strong Holder Offering (to Participants).

1.19. “Platform” or “CasperArmy Platform” means an online platform accessible through the website https://casper.army/ an application wholly owned and operated by CasperArmy.

1.20.“Prohibited Person” shall mean any individual or legal entity that is (i) a national or resident of, or legal entity formed or incorporated within or subject to the laws of any United States embargoed or restricted country; (ii) solely with respect to the non-government sanctioned trading, mining, minting of digital assets or cryptocurrency, or support of the foregoing, a national or resident of, or legal entity formed or incorporated within, or subject to the laws of the People’s Republic of China; (iii) a national or resident of, or legal entity formed or incorporated within or subject to the laws of the Republic of Cuba, Democratic People’s Republic of North Korea, Islamic Republic of Iran, Libya, Republic of South Sudan, Republic of Sudan, Syrian Arab Republic, or the Crimea; (iv) included on, or affiliated with any Person on, the United States Commerce Department’s Denied Persons List, Entities List, or Unverified List; the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List, Specially Designated Narcotics Traffickers or Specially Designated Terrorists, or the Annex to Executive Order No. 13224; the Department of State’s Debarred List; or UN Sanctions; (v) a Person with whom business transactions, including exports and re-exports, are restricted by a United States Governmental Authority, including each item listed in the foregoing clauses (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) and any updates or revisions thereto and any newly published rules therefore; or (vi) a subject or target of any other economic sanctions administered or enforced by the United Nations, the European Union, the United States of America, or the United Kingdom.

1.21.“Purchase Price” shall mean the price the Participant shall pay in consideration for purchasing the Call-Up Ticket, CasperArmyNFT or any Project(s) token.

1.22.“Sanctions” shall mean collectively sanctions administered or enforced by any country, government or public authority.

1.23.“Services” shall mean the services described in clause 2.1.

1.24.“CasperArmy Funds” mean the proceeds deriving from the sale of Call-Up Ticket(s) and CasperArmy NFT.

1.25. ““CasperArmyNFT” and "Call-Up Ticket" shall mean the native utility-type  non-fungible tokens (NFT) issued by CasperArmy sold and purchased within the context of an Private or/and a Public Round.


1.26.“Tax”, “Taxes”, or “Taxation” shall mean any taxes, duties, levies, imposts or other sums payable by reference to profits, revenue or transactions.

1.27.“TGE” shall mean Token Generation Event and/or Token Minting (for NFT).

1.28.“Third-Party/Third-Parties” shall mean any other natural which is not a User or a Visitor.

1.29.“Metrics” mean the information concerning Participants, including but not limited to the behaviors.

1.30.“Deposit” shall mean the action of staking the User’s crypto-assets into treasury smart contract.

1.31.“User” shall mean a person who has registered and obtained an account on the casperarmy.org Website and/or on CasperArmy Platform.

1.32.“Utility Tokens'' shall mean utility-type crypto-assets according to the definitions of (a) the “Guidelines for enquiries regarding the regulatory framework for initial coin offerings (ICOs)” issued by the Swiss financial regulator (FINMA) on 16 February 2018, (b) the “Report with advice for the European Commission on crypto-assets'' issued by the European Banking Authority (EBA) on 9 January 2019, (c) the “Guidance on Crypto Assets: Feedback and Final Guidance to CP 19/3” issued by the British financial regulator (FCA) in July 2019, and (d) point n. 86 of the “Advice Initial Coin Offerings and Crypto-Assets'' issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 9 January 2019.

1.33.“Yield(s)” refers to the crypto-assets received as a result of the User’s participation in the VC Investment(s).

1.34.“VAT” shall mean Value Added Tax.

1.35.“Visitor” shall mean any individual or legal entity browsing the Website.

1.36.“Website” or “CasperArmy website” shall mean this website accessible at the following URL: https://casperarmy.org.

1.38. "Soldier Rating" shall mean a metric mechanism that evaluates the User's involvement and activity in the activities on the platform, enabling the User to receive periodic airdrops and the allocation of Tokens.

1.39.Except where the context requires otherwise, this Agreement will be interpreted as follows:

1.39.1.Headings are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement;

1.39.2.Where a word or phrase is defined, other parts of speech and grammatical forms and the cognate variations of that word or phrase shall have corresponding meanings;

1.39.3.Words importing the singular shall include the plural and vice versa;

1.39.4.Reference to Articles and Schedules are to articles and schedules of this Agreement;

1.39.5.All words (whether gender-specific or gender-neutral) shall be deemed to include each of the masculine, feminine and neutral genders;

1.39.6.The ejusdem generis (of the same kind) rule will not apply to the interpretation of this Agreement; accordingly, include and including will be read without limitation;

1.39.7.A reference to any document (including this Agreement) is to that document as amended, consolidated, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time in terms thereof;

1.39.8.A reference to a statute or statutory provision includes, to the extent applicable at any relevant time;

1.39.9.That statute or statutory provision as from time to time consolidated, modified, re-enacted or replaced by any other statute or statutory provision whether before or after the date of this Agreement;

1.39.10.Any subordinate legislation or regulation made under the relevant statute or statutory provision;

1.39.11.References to writing include any mode of reproducing words in a legible and non-transitory form and shall include email or other electronic communication.

## Website Requirements
1.By accessing the Website, the User represents and warrants that:

1.1.as an individual, it is at least eighteen (18) or is of legal age to form a binding contract under applicable laws;

1.2. as an individual, legal person, or other organization, it has full legal capacity and sufficient authorisations to enter into these Terms;

1.3. it has not been previously suspended or removed from using the Services;

1.4. it does not currently have an account, and

1.5.Its use of the Services will not violate any and all laws and regulations applicable to the User, including but not limited to regulations on AML, anti-corruption, and counter-terrorist financing.

## Prohibited Actions
1.The User is entitled to use the Website only in conformity with the laws of its country of residence and of the country from which it accesses the Website.

2.The User may solely make legal use of the Website, and any illegal or inappropriate use of the Website is banned. In particular, the User agrees to browse the Website lawfully and without any violation of the Agreement or any applicable law and agrees not to do any of the following actions in connection with its use of the Website:

2.1.access or use the Website in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect, or inhibit anyone from fully enjoying the Website, including, but not limited to, defamatory, harassing, threatening, bigoted, hateful, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, or otherwise offensive behaviour or content;

2.2.access or use the Website for any illegal or unauthorised purpose or engage in, encourage, or promote any illegal activity, or any activity that violates these Terms & Conditions or any other terms or policies provided in connection with the Website;

2.3.intimidate or harass any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent the User or the User’s affiliation with any person or entity;

2.4.damage, disable, overburden, or impair the functionality of the Website in any manner;

2.5.distribute or post spam, unsolicited or bulk electronic communications, advertising, solicitations, promotional materials, chain letters, or pyramid schemes;

2.6.upload, post, transmit, distribute, or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses, malwares, ransomwares or spywares or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware, mobile devices or telecommunications equipment or any other technologies that may harm the Website or the interests or property of the Users or of the Ecosystem Operator;

2.7.export or re-export any applications, code or tools developed by and proprietary to the Ecosystem Operator except as in strict compliance with the export control laws of any relevant jurisdictions and in accordance with posted rules and restrictions;

2.8.use any robot, spider, crawler, scraper, or other automated means or interface not provided or authorized by the Ecosystem Operator to access the Website or to extract data or information from the Website;

2.9.commercialize any application, code, or any information or software associated with such application and/or the Website without the prior consent of the Ecosystem Operator;

2.10.upload, post, transmit, distribute, store, or otherwise make publicly available on the Website any personal data of Users, or of any Third-party without the person’s prior explicit consent;

2.11.harvest or otherwise collect information or data about Users without their consent or use automated scripts to collect information from or otherwise interact with the Website;

2.12.upload, post, transmit, distribute, store, or otherwise make available content that, in the sole judgment of the Ecosystem Operator, is objectionable, misleading or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using the Website, or which may expose the Ecosystem Operator or its Users to any harm or liability of any type;

2.13.upload, post, transmit, distribute, store, or otherwise make available content that would constitute, encourage, or provide instructions for a criminal offence;

2.14.copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of the Website;

2.15.reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of the Website;

2.16.interfere or attempt to disrupt the Website in any way;

2.17.circumvent or attempt to circumvent any filtering, security measures or other features designed to protect the Website, or third parties;

2.18.infringe upon or violate the rights of The Ecosystem Operator, the Users or any third party; and

2.19.facilitate or assist another person to do any of the above acts.

## Data Protection
1.The Ecosystem Operator shall manage the personal data of the Parties, shareholders, beneficial owners, advisors and/or employees as per the requirements of the EU REGULATION 2016/679 on data protection, also referred to as the General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR).

### 1.1.Personal Data:
1.1.1.The Participants and the Project agree and consent to the Ecosystem Operator gathering Personal Data and other information relating to the Participant for the purposes of fulfilling this Agreement, including facilitating the issuance and transfer of the Call-Up Ticket(s), CasperArmyNFT and/or any other tokens and complying with Laws and Legal Requirements.

### 1.2.GDPR Compliance:
1.2.1.The Ecosystem Operator is committed to ensuring the protection of all personal information that the Ecosystem Operator holds and to protect all such data. The Ecosystem Operator recognises its obligations in updating and expanding this program to meet the developing requirements of GDPR or similar international requirements. The Ecosystem Operator is dedicated to safeguarding all personal information under its control and in maintaining a system that meets our obligations under the GDPR requirements.

1.2.2.If the Party is a resident of the European Union, the Parties have the right to file a complaint concerning their data protection with the competent supervisory authority, being the Belgian EU Data Protection Authority. A Party can contact them at the following address: Rue la Presse / Persstraat 35, 1000 Brussels / Email: contact@apd-gba.be .

### 1.3.Cross-Border Data:
1.3.1.Information that the Ecosystem Operator collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which the Ecosystem Operator operates or utilises services to enable the use of the information in accordance with this Agreement.

1.4.The Parties agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.

1.4.1.KYC and other data is safely stored by the Ecosystem Operator on an Hetzner Online GmbH, Industriestr. 25,  91710 Gunzenhausen, Deutschland, Tel.: +49 (0)9831 505-0,  E-Mail: info@hetzner.com. This data is kept encrypted and safely transferred to be kept in cold storage;

2. The Ecosystem Operator does not keep any personal data related to its KYC/KYB/AML procedures following its handover to the respective project entity. All data is purged. The Ecosystem Operator also does not save/keep any KYC/KYB/AML data in its databases at any time.

3.The Ecosystem Operator will not share any KYC/AML data with any third parties except for the relevant Project or, if necessary, its KYC provider, unless complying with relevant authorities and regulations.

4.Protecting the Parties’ privacy is very important to the Ecosystem Operator. Before accessing and using any of our services, you shall be required to review and consent to CasperArmy Privacy Policy.

## Assignment
### 1. Limited License.

1.The Ecosystem Operator hereby grants the Participants a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable and limited license, subject to the terms of this Agreement, to access and use CasperArmy solely for informational, transactional, or other approved purposes as permitted by the Ecosystem Operator from time to time. Any other use of the CasperArmy Platform is expressly prohibited. All other rights in the CasperArmy Platform are reserved by the Ecosystem Operator. The Ecosystem Operator reserves all rights in the CasperArmy Platform, and the Participants and Projects agree that this Agreement does not grant the Participant any rights in or licenses to the CasperArmy Platform, except for this express, limited license. The Participant will not otherwise copy, transmit, distribute, sell, resell, license, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, modify, publish, create derivative works from, perform, display, incorporate into another website, or in any other way exploit any of the content available on the CasperArmy Platform or any other part of the CasperArmy Platform or any derivative works thereof, in whole or in part for commercial or non-commercial purposes. Without limiting the foregoing, The Participant will not frame or display the CasperArmy Platform (or any portion thereof) as part of any other website or any other work of authorship without prior written permission. If the Parties violate any portion of this Agreement, the Parties’ permission to access and use the CasperArmy Services may be terminated pursuant to this Agreement. In addition, the Ecosystem Operator reserves the right to all remedies available at law and in equity for any such violation.

2.The Participant(s) and the Project(s) may not assign any of their rights, licenses, or obligations under this Agreement without the Ecosystem Operator’ prior written consent. Any such attempt at assignment by the Parties shall be void. The Ecosystem Operator may assign its rights, licenses, and obligations under this Agreement without limitation and without prior consent.

3.This Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by the Parties but may be assigned by the Ecosystem Operator without restriction, including without limitation to any of its affiliates or subsidiaries, or to any successor in interest of any business associated with the CasperArmy Services. Any attempted transfer or assignment in violation hereof shall be null and void.

## Intellectual Property Rights

1.Intellectual property rights and all other proprietary rights in relation to the content available on the Website (including but not limited to software, mobile software, algorithms, codes, audio, video, text, animations, files, photographs designs, graphics, layouts, images, video, information, and their selection and arrangement) (hereinafter: the “Website Content”) are the exclusive property of the Ecosystem Operator and its licensors. The Ecosystem Operator or its licensors’ rights to the Website Content include rights to:

1.1.The Website; and;

1.2.All designs, layouts, software, displayed, and technical information associated with the Website.

2.All Intellectual property rights in the Website Content not expressly granted herein are reserved to the Ecosystem Operator. All copyright and other proprietary notices shall be retained on all reproductions.

3.Any other use of the Website Content, including without limitation distribution, reproduction, modification, making available, communicate to the public, publicly perform, frame, download, display, or transmission, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of the Ecosystem Operator is strictly prohibited.

4.The Participant(s) and Project(s) may not derive or attempt to derive the source code of all or any portion of the software or mobile software (hereinafter: the “Software”), permit any third party to derive or attempt to derive such source code, or reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or translate the Software or any part thereof.

5.The Ecosystem Operator and its licensors own and shall retain all Intellectual property rights and other rights in and to the Software, and any changes, modifications or corrections thereto, subject to open source software from https://github.com/casper-army/ used in relation to the Website.

6.The Ecosystem Operator, together with its licensors expressly reserve all Intellectual property rights in all text, programs, products, processes, technology, content, source code, object codes, layouts, and other materials, which appear on the Website. Access to the Website does not confer and shall not be considered as conferring upon anyone any license under any of our or any third party's intellectual property rights. Any use of the Website, including copying or storing it or them in whole or part, other than for own personal, non-commercial use, is prohibited without the prior consent of the Ecosystem Operator.

7.CasperArmy Platform and any CasperArmy Services, including their design elements or concepts and any and all underlying Intellectual Property, including, but not limited to any registered trademarks, are the property of the Ecosystem Operator and/or Projects (as applicable), and are protected by copyright, patent, trade secret and other Intellectual Property laws. The Ecosystem Operator and its licensors retain any and all rights, title and interest in and to CasperArmy Platform and CasperArmy Services (including, without limitation, all Intellectual Property rights), including all copies, modifications, extensions and derivative works thereof. The Participant’s right to use the CasperArmy Platform and CasperArmy Services is limited to the rights expressly granted in this Agreement. No licences to use any of trademarks or any other CasperArmy brands are to be inferred or assumed pursuant to the use of any CasperArmy Services. All rights not expressly granted to the Participant are reserved and retained by the Ecosystem Operator, the Project and their licensors.

8.The Participant expressly agrees not to duplicate, copy, transmit, distribute, license, reverse engineer, modify, publish, reuse or participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works from, or in any other way exploit any of the Intellectual Property of the Ecosystem Operator or any Projects without the express prior written consent of the Ecosystem Operator and, if applicable, the Project(s). The Participants shall not infringe the Intellectual Property rights of the Ecosystem Operator, the Projects, or any third party.

## The Website
1.The Website is provided to the Visitors on an “as is” basis, without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law.

2.The Ecosystem Operator grants the Visitor a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, and revocable license to use the Website and its content for its personal, non-commercial use, and to display the content of the Website exclusively on its computer screen or on other devices (such as smartphones or tablets), subject to its compliance with the Terms & Conditions and the Ecosystem Operator’s policies.

3.All other uses are prohibited without the Ecosystem Operator’s prior written consent.

4.Except as otherwise agreed upon, if the Ecosystem Operator enables the use of software, content, virtual items, or other materials owned or licensed by the Ecosystem Operator (hereinafter referred to as the “Software and Content”), the Ecosystem Operator hereby grants the User a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable and revocable, worldwide license to access and use the Software and Content solely for personal and non-commercial purposes, conditioned on its compliance with the Terms & Conditions.

5.The User will not use, copy, adapt, modify, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, decrypt, attempt to derive the source code of, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, sell, rent, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, stream, broadcast or otherwise exploit the Software and Content, except as expressly permitted by the Ecosystem Operator or as permitted under applicable law. Any unauthorised use of the Software and Content is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted in the Terms & Conditions.

6.No licenses or rights are granted to the User by implication or otherwise, except for the licenses and rights expressly granted to the User.

7.If the User provides the Ecosystem Operator with any feedback or comments regarding the Website, it grants the Ecosystem Operator the right to use such feedback or comments for any purpose without restriction or payment to the User.

## Website Disclaimer
1.The Participant expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Participant’s access to and use of the Website is at the Participant’s sole risk. As between the Participant, the Project, and the Ecosystem Operator to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the website is provided on an “as is” and “as available” and “underdevelopment” basis and the Ecosystem Operator expressly disclaims all representations, warranties, and conditions (express or implied, oral or written), including any implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.

2.All content available on the website, including the Ecosystem Operator litepaper, onepager, pitchdeck, white-paper and or CasperArmy documentation, are made available for informational purposes only and should not be contractual or binding in any way for the Ecosystem Operator. The Participant(s) and Project(s) should not rely upon this content in any way.

3.The Ecosystem Operator does not give any warranty in relation to the website, the software, and content nor with any services, information published or available on the website, should it be its availability, accuracy, or lawfulness. The Ecosystem Operator shall not verify, update or correct such information. The Ecosystem Operator does not warrant that the website will be available at all times and expressly reserves the possibility to discontinue the website without notice. In addition, the Ecosystem Operator does not represent or warrant that.

4. Although the Ecosystem Operator intends to provide accurate and timely information on the CasperArmy Website and Platform, the CasperArmy Website and Platform (including, without limitation, the Content) may not always be entirely accurate, complete or current and may also include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. In an effort to continue to provide the Parties with as complete and accurate information as possible, information may be changed or updated from time to time without notice, including without limitation information regarding our policies, products and services. Accordingly, Participant(s) and Project(s) should verify all information before relying on it, and all decisions based on information contained on the CasperArmy Platform are the Parties’ sole responsibility and the Ecosystem Operator shall have no liability for such decisions. Participant(s) and Project(s) especially acknowledge, understand and agree that the Ecosystem Operator does not assume any liability and shall not be liable for any loss or damage arising out of or in connection with any trading decision made based on any information available on the CasperArmy Website.

5.The operation of the Website will be secure, uninterrupted, error-free, or virus-free, or;

6.Any defects in the Website will be corrected. no oral or written information, guidelines, or advice given by the Ecosystem Operator will create a warranty. The foregoing disclaimer of warranties will apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.

7.The laws of some states or jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties, so some or all of the disclaimers in this section may not apply to Participant(s) and Project(s). The Parties agree that the entire risk arising out of their use of the website remains solely with them.

8.Any warranty, condition, or other term arising out of or in connection with the Website which might otherwise be implied into or incorporated into this by statute, common law, laws applicable in the country where Participant(s) and Project(s) used the Website or otherwise (including without limitation any implied term as to the quality, fitness for purpose, reasonable care and skill) is hereby expressly excluded. If Participant(s) and Project(s) have a dispute with one or more Visitor(s), User(s), and/or Third-part(y/ies), Participant(s) and Project(s) agree to release the Ecosystem Operator (including its affiliates, and each of its respective officers, directors, employees, agents, shareholders, retail partners, licensors, and suppliers) from any claims, demands, and damages of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected to such disputes.

9.Participant(s) and Project(s) waive any and all other warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, without limitations, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title or non-infringement or warranties arising from a course of performance, course of dealing or usage in trade.

## Call-Up Ticket(s) and CasperArmyNFT
1.These are non fungible tokens, which are products of CasperArmy and are the basic tools for accessing the CasperArmy platform.

## Participant(s)
1.The Participant shall be a User of CasperArmy that, at its sole discretion, decides to take the opportunity to participate in one or multiple Seed Rounds and/or Private/Public Rounds. The Participant shall mature such a decision taking into consideration all the risks involved with cryptographic digital tokens, including but not limited to regulatory risks and cybersecurity risks. The Participant may partially rely on the contents published on the Website to mature its decision. However, the Participant acknowledges, agrees, and understands that the Website and the contents published herein shall not constitute investment advice, financial advice, trading advice, or any other sort of advice and that the Participant shall not treat any of the Website's content as such. The Participant alone assumes the sole responsibility of evaluating the merits and risks associated with using any information or other content on the Website before making any decisions based on such information. The Participant understands that the crypto market is characterised by high volatility, and it should be aware of the concrete possibility of losing the entirety of the funds allocated in the crypto market. The Participant should refrain from using funds it cannot afford to lose when purchasing cryptocurrencies and other digital tokens

2.The Participants acknowledge, agree, and understand that the Ecosystem Operator does not, in any way, supervise, direct, or control any of the Projects and that the Ecosystem Operator does not control, verify, assure, guarantee and warrant that the information provided by the Project(s) to the Participant(s) through the Website are honest, accurate, complete and updated. The Participant(s) shall conduct their own due diligence on the Project(s) before purchasing Seed Rounds and/or Private/Public Tokens Rounds when participating in an Seed Rounds and/or Private/Public Rounds.

3.The Participants expressly agree that they are purchasing and receiving Seed Rounds and/or Private/Public Rounds Tokens at their sole risk and that the Website and Seed Rounds and/or Private/Public Tokens rounds are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied.

4.The Participants understand and agree that the purchase and any other acquisition of Token Seed Rounds and/or Private/Public Rounds carry significant risks. Therefore, the purchase of Seed Rounds and/or Private/Public Rounds of Tokens should be undertaken only by Participants experienced with cryptographic tokens and blockchain-based software with a functional understanding of storage and transmission mechanisms associated with other cryptographic tokens.

5.By purchasing Seed Rounds and/or Private/Public Rounds of Tokens, the Participants confirm that they understand and assume the risks involved in such a transaction. In particular, the Participants confirm to fully understand and accept the following.

5.1.Any Seed Rounds and/or Private/Public Rounds will not involve the issuance of any securities (whether equity securities or otherwise, including unregistered security) or other kinds of investment certificates.

5.2.Seed Rounds and/or Private/Public Rounds of Tokens are merely cryptographic tokens existent on one or multiple blockchains that can enable usage of and interactions with digital services and applications provided by the related Project.

5.3.Seed Rounds and/or Private/Public Rounds of Tokens are not redeemable, nor associated with financial return or backed by any underlying asset, security or repurchase commitment and do not necessarily have liquidy or market value.

5.4.Seed Rounds and/or Private/Public Rounds of Tokens do not stand for any sort of investment contract for all intents and purposes.

5.5.The purchase of Seed Round and/or Private/Public sale of Tokens is not an investment nor a collective investment scheme, and the Participant(s) shall not expect any repayment, refund, return or profit from participating in an Seed Round and/or Private/Public sale of Tokens, including Call-Up Ticket (s), CasperArmyNFT.

5.6.The Participant(s) shall participate in the Venture Capital or in an Seed Round and/or Private/Public sale of Tokens with the purpose of investing, speculating or pursuing a profit. By participating in the Venture Capital or in an Seed Round and/or Private/Public sale of Tokens (including Call-Up Ticket (s), CasperArmyNFT), the Participant(s) shall not expect to get anything other than Seed Round and/or Private/Public sale of Tokens in return for the Purchase Price.

5.7.The Participant(s) payment for the purchase of Seed Round and/or Private/Public sale of Tokens (including Call-Up Ticket (s), CasperArmyNFT) will be non-refundable. Therefore, The Participant(s) shall give full consideration to all risk factors, including but not limited to the volatility of cryptocurrency prices and markets in general, risks of systemic failure, risks of code failure, bugs, hardware failure, loss of data, theft, lost usernames, passwords or private keys, incorrectly executed transactions and/or hacks which can lead to, inter alia, the complete loss of the Seed Round and/or Private/Public sale of Tokens, including Call-Up Ticket (s), CasperArmyNFT.

5.8.Blockchain technology allows new forms of interaction, and it is possible that certain jurisdictions will apply existing regulations on or introduce new regulations addressing blockchain technology-based applications, which may be contrary to the current setup of the Venture Capital and/or Seed Round and/or Private/Public sale of Tokens including Call-Up Ticket (s), CasperArmyNFT, and which may, inter alia, result in substantial modifications or loss of Seed Round and/or Private/Public sale of Tokens including Call-Up Ticket (s), CasperArmyNFT.

5.9.The field of digital cryptography is very new, and for this reason, there is a risk of unforeseen attacks on several or all parts of the CasperArmy digital ecosystem. In the event of such an attack/hack, Parties may lose their CasperArmy Call-Up Ticket(s), CasperArmyNFT or any other Tokens, or and stablecoins.

6.The Participant understands the inherent risks associated with blockchain technology and crypto-assets, including, but not limited to, those listed hereinafter:

6.1.Risks associated with (intellectual) property rights: the Participant understands and accepts that, due to a lack of originality of the software and to the immaterial character of the Seed Round and/or Private/Public sale of Tokens, there may be no title of ownership in and to the Seed Round and/or Private/Public sale of Tokens.

6.2.Risks associated with IT: the Participant understands and accepts that the smart contracts, the Website, all the components of the CasperArmy digital ecosystem, and blockchain protocols (i.e. the Casper Network blockchain) are still in an early stage and unproven. The Participant understands and accepts that there is no warranty that the process for delivering Seed Round and/or Private/Public sale of Tokens and/or the smart contracts will be uninterrupted or error-free and acknowledges that there is an inherent risk that the software could contain weaknesses, vulnerabilities or bugs causing inter alia, the complete loss of CasperArmy Call-Up Ticket(s), CasperArmyNFT or any other Tokens, or and stablecoins. The Participant understands and accepts that the smart contracts and/or underlying protocols and/or any other software involved may either delay and/or not execute the delivery of Seed Round and/or Private/Public sale of Tokens.

6.3.Regulatory risks: the Participant understands and accepts that it is possible that certain jurisdictions will apply existing regulations on, or introduce new regulations addressing, a blockchain technology based applications, which may be contrary to the current setup of the CasperArmy digital ecosystem and which may, inter alia, result in substantial modifications of the CasperArmy digital ecosystem, including its termination and the loss of Seed Round and/or Private/Public sale of Tokens.

6.4.Risks associated with abandonment/lack of success: the Participant understands and accepts that the development of the Project(s) may be abandoned for a number of reasons, including lack of interest from the public, lack of funding, lack of commercial success or prospects (e.g. caused by competitors). The Participant, therefore, understands that there is no assurance that, even if the Project is partially or fully developed and launched, the Participant will receive any benefits through the Seed Round and/or Private/Public sale of Tokens held by him/her/it, including Call-Up Ticket (s), CasperArmyNFT.

6.5.Risks associated with a loss of private key: the Participant understands and accepts that Call-Up Ticket(s), CasperArmyNFT, Seed Round, Private Sale and/or Public Sale of Tokens can only be accessed by using a digital wallet. The Participant understands and accepts that if his/her/its private key or password gets lost or stolen, the Call-Up Ticket(s), CasperArmyNFT, Seed Round, Private Sale and/or Public Sale of Tokens associated with the Participant's digital wallet will be unrecoverable and will be permanently lost.

6.6.Risks associated with Parties’ wallet: the Participant understands and accepts that CasperArmy is in no way responsible for the digital wallet on which the Call-Up Ticket(s), CasperArmyNFT, Seed Round, Private Sale and/or Public Sale of Tokens are transferred. The Participant(s) shall understand and agree that they are solely responsible for the access and security of their digital wallet, for any security breach of their wallet and/ with any loss of Call-Up Ticket(s), CasperArmyNFT, Seed Round, Private Sale and/or Public Sale of Tokens resulting from digital wallet service providers, including any termination of the service by the digital wallet service provider and/or bankruptcy of the digital wallet service provider. The Participant understands and accepts that the wallet or digital wallet service provider used for the Call-Up Ticket(s), CasperArmyNFT, Seed Round, Private Sale and/or Public Sale of Tokens, has to be technically compatible with the Call-Up Ticket(s), CasperArmyNFT, Seed Round, Private Sale and/or Public Sale of Tokens. The failure to assure this may have the result that the Participant will not gain access to his/her/its Call-Up Ticket(s), CasperArmyNFT, Seed Round, Private Sale and/or Public Sale of Tokens.

6.7.Risks associated with theft/hacks: the Participant understands and accepts that the smart contracts, the Website, the underlying software application and the software platform (i.e. the Casper Network blockchain) may be exposed to cyber attacks by hackers or other individuals that could result in theft or loss of Call-Up Ticket(s), CasperArmyNFT and/or Seed Round, Private Sale and/or Public Sale of Tokens, and/or stablecoins.

6.8.Risks associated with depreciation: the Participant understands and accepts that with regard to Call-Up Ticket(s), CasperArmyNFT, Seed Round, Private Sale and/or Public Sale of Tokens, no market liquidity may be guaranteed and that the value of Seed Round, Private Sale and/or Public Sale of Tokens over time may experience extreme volatility or depreciate in full.

7.The Participant(s) shall confirm that they have understood all the risks mentioned above and hereby confirm that they use CasperArmy  at their own risk. The Participant(s) shall understand and agree that CasperArmy shall not be liable for any damage or loss incurred by the Participant(s) due to the materialisation of any of the risks mentioned above. The Participant(s) shall release the Ecosystem Operator from any liability for any damage and/or loss arising, directly or indirectly, from their use of the CasperArmy digital ecosystem.

## Project(s)
1.The Project shall be an innovative entrepreneurial initiative engaged in a crowdfunding operation executed through the issuance and sale of Utility Tokens within the context of an Seed Round, Private Sale. The Project shall use CasperArmy digital ecosystem and the Services only for the purpose of the aforementioned crowdfunding operation. The proceeds derived from the sale of its Utility Tokens (i.e.,  Seed Round, Private Sale Tokens) shall be used by the Project with the sole purpose of executing the mission, vision, business strategy and objectives communicated to its community through its whitepaper, website, social media and other communication channels, including but not limited to public statements of directors, officials and team members of the Project.

2.The Project shall honestly and accurately represent the characteristics of its initiative in order to allow the Participants to take an informed and conscious decision concerning the purchase of  Seed Round, Private Sale Tokens.

3.The Project shall communicate honest, accurate and updated information to CasperArmy at all times. The Project shall not modify the Token Metrics without the prior written consent of CasperArmy and shall be liable towards the Participants for such changes.

4.The Project shall obtain a legal opinion assessing the legal qualification of its  Seed Round, Private Sale Tokens.

5.The Project represents and warrants the following.

5.1.The Project is a corporation duly organised, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its incorporation, and has the power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and carry on its business as now conducted.

5.2.The execution, delivery and performance by the Project of this Agreement are within the power of the Project and, other than with respect to the actions to be taken when  Seed Round, Private Sale Tokens are to be delivered to the Participant, has been duly authorised by all necessary measures on the part of the Project. This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Project, enforceable against the Project in accordance with its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and general principles of equity. The Project is not in violation of (a) its current certificate of incorporation or bylaws, (b) to its knowledge, any material statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Project, including but not limited to virtual assets and virtual asset service providers regulation, securities, investment adviser, broker-dealer, money services business, money transmitter regulations, regulations preventing dealings with certain sanctioned individuals, entities and countries and money laundering and terrorist financing regulation (for which the Project has adopted adequate procedures and policies) or (c) any material indenture or contract to which the Project is a party or by which it is bound, where, in each case, such violation or default, individually, or together with all such violations or defaults, could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Project.

5.3.The performance and consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement do not and will not: (a) violate any material judgment, statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Project; (b) result in the acceleration of any material indenture or contract to which the Project is a party or by which it is bound; or (c) result in the creation or imposition of any lien upon any property, asset or revenue of the Project or the suspension, forfeiture, or nonrenewal of any material permit, license or authorisation applicable to the Project, its business or operations.

5.4.The Project owns or possesses (or can obtain on commercially reasonable terms) sufficient legal rights to all patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, trade secrets, licenses, information, processes and other intellectual property rights necessary for its business as now conducted and as currently proposed to be conducted, without any conflict with, or infringement of the rights of, others.

5.5.Neither the Project nor any of its subsidiaries nor any director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or person acting on behalf of the Project or any of its subsidiaries are (a) currently the target of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”), the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council (“UNSC”), the European Union (“EU”), Her Majesty’s Treasury (“HMT”), or other relevant sanctions authority (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Sanctions”); or (b) located, organised or resident in Iran, North Korea, Cuba, Sudan or Syria. The Project and its subsidiaries have not knowingly engaged in for the past five years, are not now knowingly engaged in, and will not engage in, any dealings or transactions with any individual or entity, or in any country or territory, that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the target of Sanctions prohibiting any such dealings or transactions. Neither the Project nor any of its subsidiaries nor any director, officer, agent, employee, nor any Representative are a Prohibited Person; nor has the Project, its Representatives or any of the Project’s Affiliates engaged in any dealings or transactions with any Prohibited Persons; and the Project, its Representatives and its Affiliates have complied with all requirements of laws, government orders or resolutions of United Nations relating to anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism, trade embargos and economic sanctions applicable to its, its Representatives or its Affiliates’ activities. Neither the Project, nor any person having a direct or indirect beneficial interest in the Project or the Agreement being acquired by Project, or any person for whom Project is acting as agent or nominee in connection with the Agreement, is the subject of sanctions administered or enforced by any country or government (collectively, “Sanctions”) or is organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of country-wide or territory-wide Sanctions.

6.Furthermore, the Project covenants that:

6.1.The Project will not issue or use the Seed Round, Private Sale Tokens in connection with any activity that violates applicable laws in any relevant jurisdiction, including, but not limited to, the issuance or use of the Seed Round, Private Sale Tokens in connection with transactions that contradict international standards on anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing procedures.

6.2.The Seed Round, Private Sale Tokens, which will be transferred to the Participant hereunder, does not and will not represent the proceeds of a money laundering offence or a terrorist activity financing offence under anti-money and counter-terrorism financing regulations applicable to the Project.

6.3.The Project represents and warrants that upon transfer of the Seed Round, Private Sale Tokens to the Participant under this Agreement, the Participant will have valid title to such Seed Round, Private Sale Tokens.

6.4.The Project hereby represents that it has satisfied itself as to the full observance of the laws of its jurisdiction (with respect to the Project’s nationality and residence) in connection with the issuance of the Seed Round, Private Sale Tokens, including (a) the legal requirements within its jurisdiction (with respect to the Project’s nationality and residence) for the issuance of the Seed Round, Private Sale Tokens, (b) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to such Seed Round, Private Sale Tokens issuance, (c) any governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained, and (d) the income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that may be relevant to the issuance and transfer of the Seed Round, Private Sale Tokens. The Project’s issuance of the Seed Round, Private Sale Tokens according to this Agreement will not violate any applicable securities or other laws of the jurisdiction(s) of the Project’s nationality and residence. The Project is not a resident of any country in which the issuance of the Seed Round, Private Sale Tokens is prohibited.

## Survival
1.All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature extend beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement, including, without limitation, sections pertaining to suspension or termination, CasperArmy Account cancellation, debts owed to the Ecosystem Operator, the general use of the CasperArmy Platform, disputes with Ecosystem Operator, and general provisions, shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

## No Waiver
1.The Ecosystem Operator’s failure to enforce a provision of this Agreement does not constitute a waiver of its right to do so in the future with respect to that provision, any other provision, or this Agreement as a whole.

2.If the Parties are in contravention of any of this Agreement and the Ecosystem Operator refrains from taking action against the Parties, the Ecosystem Operator’s forbearance does not constitute a waiver and the Ecosystem Operator may nonetheless take action against the Parties in the future or if the Participant(s) and Project(s) violate the same provision at another instance or if the Participant(s) and Project(s) violate a different provision.

## Modification Of The Website
1.The Ecosystem Operator reserves the right to change, suspend, remove, discontinue or disable access to the Website or particular portions thereof, at any time and without notice. In no event will the Ecosystem Operator be liable for the removal of or disabling access to any portion or feature of the Website.


## Entire Agreement and Severability
1.The Terms & Conditions, the Privacy Policy, the Cookies Policy and the Disclaimer are subject to any amendments or modifications made by the Ecosystem Operator from time to time and shall constitute the entire agreement between you and the Ecosystem Operator with respect to the use of the Website (hereinafter referred to as the “Entire Agreement”).
2.If any provision of the Terms & Conditions or, in general, of the Entire Agreement, is found to be invalid by a court or another competent jurisdiction, that provision only will be limited to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect

## Non Financial Advice

### NON Financial Advice
1.The Agreement does not constitute a solicitation for investment in any security and shall not be construed in that way. The Agreement does not constitute or form part of, and should not be construed as, any offer for sale or subscription of, or any invitation to offer to buy or subscribe for, any securities or financial instruments.

### Token Disclaimer
1.It is understood and presumed that, before purchasing Call-Up Ticket(s), CasperArmyNFT or any other products, tokens (as defined above), the Participant has fully read, understood, and irrevocably accepted the Agreement if any participant does not agree with this Agreement in general or any part of it, such Participants should entirely withhold from using the Website and/or purchasing.

2.The Agreement contains important provisions, including an arbitration provision that requires all claims to be resolved by way of legally binding arbitration. As with any asset characterized by high volatility, the market price of crypto-assets may fluctuate significantly, and there is a substantial risk of economic losses when trading crypto-assets. by making use of CasperArmy services, Participant(s) and Project(s) acknowledge and agree that: (1) participant(s) and project(s) are aware of the risks associated with crypto-assets trading; (2) participant(s) and project(s) shall assume all risks related to the use of CasperArmy services and crypto-assets transactions; and (3) the Ecosystem Operators shall not be liable for any such risks or adverse outcomes.

3.By accessing, using or attempting to use CasperArmy services in any capacity, participant(s) and project(s) acknowledge that participant(s) and project(s) accept and agree to be bound by this agreement. if participant(s) and project(s) do not agree, do not access the ecosystem operator or utilize CasperArmy services. please note that this agreement has not been approved by any regulator, competent authority or authorised person in general, and specifically not within the meaning of a competent authority according to u.s. or eu law. therefore, relying on this document for the purpose of purchasing Call-Up Tickets, CasperArmyNFT and any tokens may expose participant(s) and project(s) to a significant risk of loss of all assets.

### Risk Statement Disclaimer
1.The Project is a for-profit organization proceeding to the private sale of Call-Up Ticket(s) and CasperArmyNFT (Non-fungible tokens) for the purpose of financing its business activity. The Project is not a bank, a security firm, an asset manager, a portfolio manager or an investment advisor. The Project is not a financial institution or a financial service provider.

## Compliance With Local Laws
1.The Project(s) and the Participant(s) shall endeavour to perform their rights and obligations under this Agreement in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, codes, ordinances, and with those of any other authority having jurisdiction over their sales.

2.It is the duty of the Project(s) and the Participant(s) to abide by local laws in relation to the legal usage of CasperArmy digital ecosystem in their local jurisdiction as well as other laws and regulations applicable to the Project(s) and the Participant(s). The Project(s) and the Participant(s) must also factor, to the extent of their local laws, all aspects of taxation, the withholding, collection, reporting and remittance to their appropriate tax authorities.

3.The Project(s) and the Participant(s) acknowledge and declare that their funds come from legitimate sources and do not originate from illegal activities; the Project(s) and the Participant(s) agree that the Ecosystem Operator may require them to provide or otherwise collect the necessary information and materials as per relevant laws or government orders to verify the legality of the sources and use of their funds.

4.The Ecosystem Operator maintains a stance of cooperation with law enforcement authorities globally and will not hesitate to seize, freeze, terminate the Parties accounts and funds which are flagged out or investigated by legal mandate

5.The Project(s) and the Participant(s) shall be solely responsible:

5.1.For any and all tax liabilities associated with payments between each other;

5.2.For determining whether the Project is required by applicable laws to issue any particular invoice to the Participants and for issuing any invoices so required.

5.3.For determining whether a Project and/or a Participant is required by applicable law to remit to the appropriate authorities any value added tax, sales tax or any other taxes and duties or similar charges, and remitting any such taxes or charges to the appropriate tax authorities, as applicable.

## Confidentiality
1.The Participant(s) and the Project(s) acknowledge that in connection with this Agreement, a party may have access to Proprietary Information (as defined below) pertaining to another party. Each Party agrees that, for five (5) years after the execution of this Agreement, it will not (i) use any Proprietary Information, except for the benefit of the Party to which it belongs, or (ii) disclose to others any Proprietary Information, except to such extent as may be necessary in connection with this Agreement. In addition, the Parties shall keep confidential the existence and content of this Agreement unless and until the Ecosystem Operator publicises the same.

2.For purposes of this Agreement, “Proprietary Information” of a Party shall mean all information (whether or not patentable or copyrightable) owned, possessed or used by a Party, including without limitation any trade secrets, know-how, data, processes, formulas, methods, technology, pricing, business plans, software, customers and prospective customers, partners and prospective partners, suppliers, development plans, and sales and marketing information. A Party’s obligations under this Section shall not apply to any information that (a) is or becomes known to the general public under the circumstances involving no breach by the other Party of the terms of this Section, (b) is generally disclosed to third parties by the disclosing Party without restriction on such third parties, or (c) is approved for release by written authorisation of the disclosing Party.

3.Participant(s) and Project(s) agree that Confidential Information or private data, which Participant(s) and Project(s) might receive from the Ecosystem Operator or Projects and which is not readily available in the public domain belong to the Ecosystem Operator and/or Projects and Participant(s) and Project(s) undertake not to disclose to any third person at any time any such Confidential Information or private data without the express prior written consent of the Ecosystem Operator and/or CasperArmy Clients

4.The Parties warrant that they will treat the Confidential Information or private data of the Ecosystem Operator and Parties with the highest standard of care, that they will comply with all applicable data privacy laws in their jurisdictions and that they will not sell or disclose Confidential Information or private data of either the Ecosystem Operator or the Participant(s) and Project(s). When referring to the Ecosystem Operator this Clause shall also apply to its affiliates and service providers, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, joint venturers, employees or representatives.

## Privacy Policy
1.The Visitor agrees that the Ecosystem Operator may collect, process, and use personal data about you according to the Privacy Policy, which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from the User, or that the User provides to the Ecosystem Operator.

2.By using the Website, the Visitor consents to process its personal data.

3.The Visitor warrants that all data provided is accurate, complete and updated.

4.The Cookies (if there is a clear indication of their use by the Ecosystem Operator) are widely used in order to make the Website work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the Ecosystem Operator.

5.The Cookies are used to collect information about how Visitors use the Website. The Ecosystem Operator uses the information provided by the Cookies to compile reports and improve the Website.

6.The Cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including, but not limited to, the number of Visitors on the Website, where the Visitors have come to the Website from and the pages they visited.

7.By using the Website, the Partecipant agrees that the Ecosystem Operator can place the Cookies on its device.

8.The Visitor understands that some portions of the Website may not work properly if it refuses Cookies.

## Third-Party-Materials
1.From time to time, the CasperArmy Platform may contain references or links to third-party materials (including, without limitation, websites) and third-party applications which are not controlled by us. Such information, links, and third-party applications are provided as a convenience to Participant(s) and Project(s) . Such links should not be considered endorsements and such reference does not imply our recommendation, approval, affiliation, or sponsorship of that respective property, product, service, or process. Participant(s) and Project(s) acknowledge and agree that the Ecosystem Operator are not responsible for any aspect of the information, content, or services contained in any third-party materials or on any third-party sites accessible or linked to the CasperArmy Platform, including without limitation content, property, goods or services available on the linked sites or services.

### Third-Party Applications
1.If, to the extent permitted by the Ecosystem Operator from time to time, the Parties grant express permission to a third party to access or connect to the Parties CasperArmy Account, either through the third party’s product or service or through the CasperArmy Platform, the Parties acknowledge that granting permission to a third party to take specific actions on their behalf does not relieve the Parties of any of the Parties’ responsibilities under this Agreement. The Participant(s) and Project(s) are fully responsible for all acts or omissions of any third party using their CasperArmy Account credentials. Further, the Parties acknowledge and agree that the Parties will not hold the Ecosystem Operator responsible for, and will indemnify the Ecosystem Operator from, any liability arising out of or related to any act or omission of any third party using their CasperArmy Account credentials. The Parties may change or remove permissions granted by them to third parties with respect to their CasperArmy Account at any time through the Account Settings (Integrations) page on the CasperArmy Platform.

## Reservation Of Rights
1.The Ecosystem Operator may block, terminate or suspend the Participants and Projects to use or access the Website, in whole or in part, without notice and at all time, at the sole discretion of the Ecosystem Operator, as well as close or interrupt the Website. The Ecosystem Operator reserves the right to terminate the Participant(s) and the Project(s) right to access and use the Website if Participant(s) and Project(s) violate the Agreement or any other terms, laws, or policies referenced herein, or if the Parties otherwise create risk or possible legal exposure for the Ecosystem Operator.

2.The Ecosystem Operator reserves the right to initiate legal proceedings against any person for fraudulent use of the Website and any other unlawful acts or acts or omissions in breach of this Agreement.

3.The Ecosystem Operator may, at its sole discretion and without any prior notification, (a) suspend, restrict, or terminate the access to any or all of the CasperArmy Services and/or CasperArmy Platform, and/or (b) deactivate or cancel the CasperArmy Account if:

3.1.The Participant(s) and the Project(s) are so required by an enforceable subpoena, court order, or binding order of the court or government authority; or

3.2.The Ecosystem Operator reasonably suspect User(s) and Project(s) of using the Parties CasperArmy Account in connection with illegal, unauthorised, or improper activity; or

3.3.Use of the CasperArmy Account is subject to any pending litigation, investigation, or government proceeding and/or the Ecosystem Operator perceive a heightened risk of legal or regulatory non-compliance associated with the Account activity; or

3.4.The Ecosystem Operator’s Service partners are unable to support usage; or

3.5.The Ecosystem Operator is required to do so in order to comply with KYC/AML laws and regulations; or

3.6.The Participant(s) and Project(s) violate the terms of this Agreement (in particular, but not limited to, providing correct and accurate information for KYC/AML purposes or violating any user warranties given under this Agreement); or

3.7.The Parties take any action that CasperArmy deems as circumventing CasperArmy controls, including, but not limited to, opening multiple CasperArmy Accounts or abusing promotions that the Ecosystem Operator may offer from time to time.

4.Once the Participant and/or the Project(s) Account is suspended/terminated/cancelled, the Parties will have five an allocated timeline, as mentioned on the CasperArmy Website, to withdraw all funds from their Account, but only after the payment of all outstanding charges to the Ecosystem Operator (if any). The Ecosystem Operator maintains full custody of the funds and Parties’ data/information, which may be turned over to governmental authorities if so required by an enforceable subpoena, court order, or binding order of the court or government authority.

## Availability
1.The Website and content may not be available in all territories and jurisdictions, and we may restrict or prohibit the use of all or a portion of the Website and content in certain territories and jurisdictions.

2.The English language version of the Terms & Conditions shall be the prevailing version in the event of any discrepancy between any translated versions of the Terms & Conditions

## Network Costs
1.The Parties may be charged by the network provider for data services or any other third-party charges as may arise while using the Website, and the Parties accept responsibility for such charges.

2.If the Participant is not the bill payer, the Ecosystem Operator will assume that the Participant has received permission from the bill payer.

## Downtime
1.Since the Website is web-based, it might be subject to temporary downtime.

2.From time to time, the Ecosystem Operator also updates or maintains the Website, which will result in the Website not being available for a certain period of time. The Ecosystem Operator does not warrant that the Website operates uninterrupted or error-free.

3.The Ecosystem Operator is not responsible for any damages or losses suffered by the Parties as a result of any failure or interruption of the Website or suspension of the Parties’ access to the Website.

4.In the event that a technical problem causes system outage or Account errors, the Ecosystem Operator may temporarily suspend access to the Parties’ Account until the problem is resolved.

## Computer Malware
1.The Ecosystem Operator shall not bear any liability, whatsoever, for any damage or interruptions caused by any computer malware, spyware, or scareware that may affect the Parties’ computer or other equipment, or any phishing, spoofing or other attacks.

2.The Ecosystem Operator advise the regular use of reputable and readily available virus screening and prevention software. The Parties should also be aware that SMS and email services are vulnerable to spoofing and phishing attacks and should use care in reviewing messages purporting to originate from CasperArmy, this also applies to our social channels and other media used by CasperArmy to communicate to the public.

3.Always log into CasperArmy Account through the CasperArmy Platform to review any transactions or required actions if Participant(s) and Project(s) have any uncertainty regarding the authenticity of any communication or notice.

## Disclaimers
1.Please note the following risks of using CasperArmy Services:

1.1.The risk of loss in holding any cryptographic tokens can be substantial. The Parties should therefore carefully consider whether holding any cryptographic tokens is suitable for the Parties in light of the Parties’ financial condition. In considering whether to hold any cryptographic tokens, the Parties should be aware that the price or value of cryptographic tokens can change rapidly, decrease, and potentially even fall to zero. When using a CasperArmy Platform and Services, the Parties acknowledge that the Ecosystem Operator is not responsible for any losses resulting from market changes or account misappropriation.

1.2.The Parties understand and agree that any cryptographic tokens, blockchain technology or distributed ledger technology related projects are new and relatively untested and outside of both the Participant and the Project’s exclusive control. Any adverse changes in market forces, the technology and regulatory environment impacting the Ecosystem Operator’s performance under this Agreement shall absolve the Ecosystem Operator from responsibility in this regard, including but not limited to hacking attacks, possible theft, unfavourable regulatory action, or unclear legal/tax status of cryptographic tokens.

1.3.The Parties agree and acknowledge that the Ecosystem Operator does not represent or warrant that any CasperArmy Services or CasperArmy Platform are secure from a hacker or other malicious attack, which may result in the stealing or the loss of the Participant’s confidential information or any other data.

2.Limitations of Liability for Gas, Failed Transactions, Smart Contract Bugs

2.1. Participants in minting agree to hold the Ecosystem Operator harmless for any losses incurred as a consequence of minting.. These potential losses include any gas fees for failed transactions, any excessive gas fees charged due to website or smart contract bugs, and any loss of any product due to website or smart contract bugs.

3.No Guarantees or Future Promises

3.1. While the Ecosystem Operator has released a roadmap outlining future goals and plans for community development, the Ecosystem Operator cannot guarantee to accomplish every item outlined during the pre-launch planning phase as ideas and projects evolve organically. The Participant(s) agree that the Participant’s purchase of a product from the Ecosystem Operator’s launch is all the Participant(s) are guaranteed to receive with the Participant’s initial purchase, whether through primary or secondary channels. Any future benefits are ancillary to this purchase and not to be taken into consideration with the Participant’s initial purchase. The Participant(s) agree that the Participants are not relying on any future commitments by the Ecosystem Operator in using this site and participating in its product launch.

4.Release of the Ecosystem Operator

4.1.If the Participant(s) have a dispute with one or more Projects of the CasperArmy Services, to the extent permitted by law, the Participant(s) release the Ecosystem Operator’s, its affiliates and Service Providers, and each of their respective officers, directors, agents, joint venturers, employees and representatives from any and all claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes. In addition, to the extent permitted by law, in entering into this release, the Participant expressly waives any protections that would otherwise limit the coverage of this release to include only those claims which the Participant may know or suspect to exist in the Participant’s favour at the time of agreeing to this release.

5.US Tax Disclaimer

5.1.All parties are solely and entirely responsible for any and all Federal or State tax liabilities which may arise, be imposed, or enforced as a result of minting or reselling tokens.

6.Compliance Disclaimer

6.1.The Parties shall endeavour to perform their duties in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, codes, ordinances, and with those of any other authority having jurisdiction over their sales.

7.Class Action Waiver, Jurisdiction and Choice of Law

7.1.The Participants agree to waive any class-action status, and any legal dispute around the Project which the Participant may choose to bring can only be done on an individual basis.

8.Children Disclaimer

8.1.The Ecosystem Operator products are not targeted towards children. The Participants agree that the Participants are over the age of 18, or above the legal age of the participant’s jurisdiction, whichever is greater. Any individual under the age of 18 participating in this project should only do so under parental supervision.

## Data Protection
1.The Ecosystem Operator shall manage the personal data of the Users, his shareholders, beneficial owners, advisors and/or employees as per the requirements of the EU REGULATION 2016/679 on data protection, also referred as the General Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter referred to as the “GDPR”).

### Personal Data:
1.The Ecosystem Operator agrees and consents to gather personal data and other information relating to the User for the purposes of fulfilling the Terms & Conditions, including to comply with laws and legal requirements.

### GDPR Compliance:
1.The Ecosystem Operator is committed to ensuring the protection of all personal data that the Ecosystem Operator holds and to protect all such data.

2.The Ecosystem Operator recognises its obligations in updating and expanding this program to meet the developing requirements of GDPR or similar international requirements.

3.The Ecosystem Operator is dedicated to safeguarding all personal information under its control and in maintaining a system that meets our obligations under the GDPR requirements.

4.If the Partecipant is a resident of the European Union, it has the right to file a complaint concerning its data protection with the competent supervisory authority.

### Cross-Border Data:
1.Information that the Ecosystem Operator collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which the Ecosystem Operator operates or utilizes services to enable the use of the information in accordance with the Terms & Conditions.

2.The User agrees to such cross-border transfers of personal information.

3.The Ecosystem Operator does not keep any personal data related to its KYC/AML procedures following its handover.

4.The Ecosystem Operator also does not save/keep any KYC data in its databases at any time.

5.The Ecosystem Operator will not share any KYC/AML data with any third parties, except if necessary, its KYC software provider, unless complying with relevant authorities and regulations.

6.Protecting the Provider’s privacy is very important to the Ecosystem Operator. Before accessing and using any of the Services, the Provider shall be required to review and consent to the Privacy Policy.

## Limitations Of Damage And Liability
1.In no event shall the Ecosystem Operator, its affiliates and service providers, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, joint venturers, employees or representatives, be liable for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on the CasperArmy Documentation and this Agreement, or with the use of the CasperArmy platform and/or the CasperArmy services.

2.The terms and conditions of this Agreement set out the full extent of the Ecosystem Operator’s obligations and liabilities. To the maximum extent possible by law, the Ecosystem Operator excludes all and any warranty, guaranty, and responsibility in relation to or subsequent to the Website, its content and its services.

3.The foregoing limitation of liability will apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. The laws of some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain damages, so some or all of the exclusions and limitations set forth above may not apply to Participant(s) and Project(s).

4.The Ecosystem Operator will not be held liable for any loss of crypto-assets, NFTs,  and/or other damage incurred by the Parties as a result of the transfer of crypto-assets to wallets or loss of key or attack on wallets.

5.Without limiting the foregoing, Participant(s) and Project(s) hereby understand and agree that the Ecosystem Operator will not be liable for any losses or damages arising out of or relating to:

5.1.Any inaccuracy, defect, or mission of digital assets and price data;

5.2.Any error or delay in the transmission of such data;

5.3.Interruption in any such data;

5.4.Regular or unscheduled maintenance carried out by the Project and service interruption and change resulting from such maintenance;

5.5.Any damages incurred by other users’ action, omission, or violation of this Agreement;

5.6.Any damage caused by illegal actions of other third parties or actions without authorisation by the Project; and

5.7.Other exemptions mentioned in disclaimers and platform rules issued by finance.

6.To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will the Ecosystem Operator, its affiliates and their respective shareholders, members, directors, officers, employees, attorney, agents, representatives, suppliers, or contractors be liable for any incidental, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or similar damages or liabilities whatsoever, even if the Project has been advised of the possibility of such damages except to the extent of a final judicial determination that such damages were a result of Project’s gross negligence, fraud, willful misconduct or intentional violation of law.

7.Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation may not apply to Participant(s) and Project(s).

## Force Majeure
1.The Ecosystem Operator shall not be liable for delays, failure in performance or interruption of service which result directly or indirectly from:

1.1.Any cause or condition beyond our reasonable control, including but not limited to, any delay or failure due to any act of God, act of civil or military authorities, act of terrorists, civil disturbance, war, strike or other labor dispute, fire, interruption in telecommunications or Internet services or network provider services, failure of equipment and/or software, other catastrophe or any other occurrence which is beyond the Ecosystem Operator’s reasonable control and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

1.2.These include pandemic-related events and lockdown restrictions, defined here as force majeure.

1.3.A cyber security breach in the CasperArmy digital ecosystem shall be considered a force majeure event.

## Indemnification
1.The Visitor(s) and the Project(s) agree to indemnify and hold the Ecosystem Operator and its subsidiaries and/or affiliates and each of their respective officers, directors, agents, joint venturers, employees and representatives, harmless from any claim or demand (including attorneys’ fees and any fines, fees or penalties imposed by any regulatory authority) arising out of or related to:

1.1.Breach of the Agreement

1.2.Use of, or inability to use, the Website;

1.3.Violation of the Agreement or any other applicable terms, policies, warnings, warranties, or instructions provided by the Ecosystem Operator or a Third-party in relation to the Website;

1.4.Use of CasperArmy Services; and

1.5.Violation of any applicable law or any rights of any Third-party.

## Links
1.The Website may contain links that direct the Parties to third-party websites. The Ecosystem Operator rejects any liability on said Third-party websites, which are solely provided in the Participant, Projects, Visitors and Users interest.

2.The Ecosystem Operator has no influence on the content of third-party websites. The Ecosystem Operator, therefore, cannot assume any guarantee for the accuracy, completeness, or safety of this Third-party content.

## Notice Of Claim And Dispute Resolution Period
1.Please contact the Ecosystem Operator first! The Ecosystem Operator wants to address the Participant’s concerns without resorting to formal legal proceedings, if possible. If the Participant has a dispute with the Ecosystem Operator, then the Participant should contact the Ecosystem Operator, and a ticket number will be assigned. The Ecosystem Operator will attempt to resolve the Participant’s dispute internally as soon as possible.

2.The Parties agree to negotiate in good faith to resolve the dispute (which discussions shall remain confidential and be subject to applicable rules protecting settlement discussions from use as evidence in any legal proceeding).

3.In the event, the dispute cannot be resolved satisfactorily, and the Participant wishes to assert a legal claim against the Ecosystem Operator, then the Parties agree to set forth the basis of such claim in writing in a “Notice of Claim,” as a form of prior notice to Ecosystem Operator. The Notice of Claim must (1) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute, (2) set forth the specific relief sought, (3) provide the original ticket number, and (4) include an email. The Notice of Claim should be submitted to an email address or hyperlink provided in the Participant’s correspondence with the Ecosystem Operator. After the Participant has provided the Notice of Claim to the Ecosystem Operator, the dispute referenced in the Notice of Claim may be submitted by either the Ecosystem Operator or the Participant to arbitration in accordance with the paragraph below.

## Governing Law And Dispute Resolution
1.The laws of Poland (with the exclusion of any rules that might lead to the use of any other law which is not the law of Poland) shall govern the validity and construction of the Agreement, any separate contract whereby the Ecosystem Operator provides the Participant(s) and/or the Project(s) with any services, and any dispute arising out of or in relation to the Agreement or such separate contracts.

2.Any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Agreement, including any question regarding its existence, validity or termination, shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under the LCIA Rules (hereinafter referred to as the “Rules”), which Rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this clause. The number of arbitrators shall be one (1). The language to be used in the arbitral proceedings shall be English. The seat, or legal place, of arbitration shall be London. The arbitration procedure may be conducted partially or entirely online.

3.The Parties agree that any dispute is personal to the Participant and the Project and that any dispute shall only be resolved by individual litigation and shall not be brought as a class action or any other representative proceeding. The Parties agree that a dispute cannot be brought as a class or representative action or on behalf of any other person or persons.

4.In case of dispute, the Parties shall maintain the confidentiality of any proceedings, including but not limited to any and all information gathered, prepared, and presented for purposes of the litigation or related to the dispute(s) therein.

## Contact
1.If the Parties have any feedback, question, or complaint, contact the Ecosystem Operator via email at headquarters@casperarmy.org;

2.When the Participant(s) and the Project(s) contact the Ecosystem Operator, please provide the Ecosystem Operator with their name, address, and any other information the Ecosystem Operator may need to identify them, its CasperArmy Account, and the issue on which the Party has feedback, questions, or complaints.

3.If the Parties have any questions concerning the processing of their data, they may address their correspondence to the CasperArmy Headquarters at: headquarters@casperarmy.org;

4.If the Parties are currently receiving marketing information that they would prefer not to receive in the future, please email the Ecosystem Operator at: headquarters@casperarmy.org.
