---
sidebar_position: 8
---

# 1.8 KYC & AML

## Know Your Customer / Know Your Business / Anti Money Laundering
1.The Ecosystem Operator is obliged to exert control over Participant(s) and Project(s) in order to comply with Know Your Customer (KYC) and Know Your Business (KYB) standard practises and Anti Money Laundering (AML) applicable laws and regulations (hereinafter collectively referred to as “KYC/AML regulations''). The Ecosystem Operator expects the Participant(s) and the Project(s) to be acting in good faith regarding the information provided. The Participant(s) will not be able to receive any payments from the Project(s) unless the Participant conforms successfully with established KYC procedures in accordance with our KYC/AML Policy.

2.The Participant(s) and the Project(s) must provide the Ecosystem Operator with true and accurate details of all required KYC, KYB and AML requirements. The Participant(s) and the Project(s) acknowledge that by failing to submit all necessary KYC/KYB/AML information. The Participant(s) and the Project(s) will not receive any CasperArmyNFT. The Participant(s) and the Project(s) will take all reasonable and necessary measures to rectify any issues.

3.The Participant(s) and the Project(s) shall provide any further items and documentation that the Ecosystem Operator may reasonably request in the case of further Investigations at the discretion of the Ecosystem Operator.

4.The Participant(s) and the Project(s) use will not violate any and all laws and regulations applicable to the Participant, including but not limited to regulations on anti-money laundering, anti-corruption, and counter-terrorist financing.

5.The Ecosystem Operator performs KYC/AML checks on Participant(s) and Project(s) eligible for participation (including receiving payments from Projects) within the Platform. The Parties acknowledge, agree, and understand that the Ecosystem Operator will transfer to a third party service provider any collected KYC/AML data and that the Ecosystem Operator has the independent right to terminate the Participant’s participation in the community of that Project, including termination of the possibility to provide Created Content and/or any other services to Participants, and the possibility to receive payments from the Project, all based on the results of the KYC/AML checks.

6.The Participant(s) and the Project represent and warrant that they have not been included in any trade embargoes or economic sanctions list (such as the United Nations Security Council Sanctions List), the list of specially designated nationals maintained by OFAC (the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury), or the denied persons or entity list of the U.S. Department of Commerce.

6.1.Pursuant to the economic sanctions programs administered in the jurisdictions where the Ecosystem Operator conducts business, the Ecosystem Operator is prohibited from providing services or entering into relationships with certain individuals and entities. In the event that the Ecosystem Operator is required to block assets associated with the Parties’ CasperArmy Account in accordance with a sanctions program or other similar government sanctions programs, the Ecosystem Operator may (i) deactivate or block Participants’ activity, (ii) and withhold any outstanding rewards. The Ecosystem Operator is not responsible for any losses, whether direct or indirect, that the Parties may incur as a result of our complying with applicable law, the guidance or direction of any regulatory authority or government agency, or any writ of attachment, lien, levy, subpoena, warrant or other legal order. Accessing CasperArmy Services and CasperArmy Platform (including any engagement with Project(s) through the CasperArmy Platform) is subject to compliance with economic sanctions imposed by applicable jurisdictions. Using CasperArmy Services and accessing CasperArmy Platform, the Parties represent and warrant that their use of any of the Ecosystem Operator’s services complies with those requirements.

6.2.Without limiting the foregoing, the Parties may not acquire any cryptographic tokens or use any of the CasperArmy Services through the CasperArmy Platform if: (1) if anyone is in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any country subject to United States embargo, UN sanctions, HM Treasury’s financial sanctions regime, or is on the U.S. Treasury Department’s Specially Designated Nationals List or the U.S. Commerce Department’s Denied Persons List, Unverified List, Entity List HM Treasury’s financial sanctions regime; or (2) The Parties intend to supply the acquired cryptocurrency(ies) or CasperArmy Services to Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan or Syria or any other country subject to United States embargo or HM Treasury’s financial sanctions regime (or a national or resident of one of these countries), or to a person on the Specially Designated Nationals List, Denied Persons List, Unverified List, Entity List, or HM Treasury’s financial sanctions regime.

7.The Ecosystem Operator reserves the right to choose markets and jurisdictions to conduct business and may restrict or refuse, in its discretion, the provision of services in certain countries or regions.

8.Documents submitted must be verified prior to the opening of a CasperArmy Account on CasperArmy Platform. Verification of the identity of the Parties will be required to cross-check the Parties’ identities, using provided information and other controls to ensure a meaningful identity confirmation process based on accumulated reward size, among other factors. The following are examples of verification methods the Project may use:

8.1.Obtaining proof of address, such as a copy of a utility bill or bank statement from the Account holder;

8.2.Comparing the identifying information with information available from a trusted third-party source, such as international databases;

8.3.Analysing whether there is logical consistency between the identifying information provided, such as the User’s name, street address, ZIP code, and date of birth (logical verification);

9.The Parties are obliged to comply with “Know-Your-Business” (“KYB”), and “Anti Money Laundering” (“AML”) standard procedures and other banking or government regulations. The Parties fully agree to assist the Ecosystem Operator in fulfilling the mentioned obligations and provide any necessary information if such is required from the Participant by the Governmental Authorities.

10.The Parties have not and will not supply the Ecosystem Operator with inaccurate or misleading information relating to Participant’s purchase of the Tokens, including, without limitation, the Participant’s identity and source of funds. The Parties will supply the Ecosystem Operator with all accurate information, documentation or copy documentation that the Ecosystem Operator may require in order to allow the Ecosystem Operator to accept the Participant’s purchase of Tokens and allocate Tokens to the Participants, and the Parties will provide the Ecosystem Operator with any additional information which may be reasonably required in order that the Project can fulfil its legal, regulatory, and contractual obligations, including but not limited to any anti-money laundering and "Know Your Business" Obligations and/or any change to the information that the Parties have supplied to the Project.

11.At the discretion of the Ecosystem Operator, if the type of CasperArmy Account increases the risk that the Ecosystem Operator will not be able to verify the true identity of the Parties through documents is confirmed, the CasperArmy Account will be closed by the Ecosystem Operator.

12.As part of the Ecosystem Operator’s compliance process with such regulations, the Ecosystem Operator shall conduct KYB/KYC checks on the Parties through a third party platform. Such checks shall be conducted prior to the Participant’s payment of the Purchase Price. As part of such checks, the Ecosystem Operator shall collect and store, and the Participant agrees to provide prior to the purchase of the Tokens or prior to the transfer of the Tokens to the Ecosystem Operator, the following types of data:

12.1.Participant name;

12.2.Jurisdiction of Incorporation;

12.3.Extract from the local commercial register and other incorporation documents;

12.4.Be sure to check which documents can be used for the Party’s relevant country — in Annex II.

13.The third-party KYB service provider shall conduct on behalf of the Ecosystem Operator further AML checks concerning the director(s), shareholder(s), and ultimate beneficial owner(s) of the Parties through a KYB Form that shall be filled in by the Parties.

14.Furthermore, the Parties or the third-party service provider selected by the Ecosystem Operator would collect and store, and the Parties agree to provide prior to the purchase of the Tokens or prior to the transfer of the Tokens, data, including but not limited to the Parties’ director(s), shareholder(s) and ultimate beneficial owner(s). The duration of such data restoration shall be within the time limits provided by law

15.In certain cases (when additional verification by bank or compliance authority is needed according to Governmental Authorities, AML or KYC/KYB policies), the Ecosystem Operator may require the Parties to provide additional information and/or any other documents that the Ecosystem Operator may reasonably request to satisfy applicable KYB and AML requirements.

16.The Ecosystem Operator shall be entitled to immediately terminate this Agreement if the Ecosystem Operator has reasonable doubts as to the validity, authenticity and genuineness of the data provided by the Parties, or in case the Parties have failed to provide the data and other additional information as required above.

17.In such case, the Parties will be deemed to have violated the provisions of this Section of this Agreement and the Ecosystem Operator shall refuse to transfer the Tokens to the Participant.

18.In addition, the Ecosystem Operator has the right to use any possible efforts for preventing money laundering and terrorism financing, including, but not limited to, blocking the Participant’s Wallet and disclosing any information about the Parties to the Governmental Authority on their request, without the Parties’ knowledge or consent.

19.All payments by the Participant to the Project in connection with this Agreement shall be made only in the Participant’s name, from a digital wallet or bank account not located in a country or territory that has been designated as a “non-cooperative country or territory” by the Financial Action Task Force, and is not a “foreign shell bank”‘ within the meaning of the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act, or similar laws, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, as such regulations may be amended from time to time.

20.As part of the Ecosystem Operator’s commitment to the prevention of money laundering, the Ecosystem Operator will not tolerate any Token-holder abusing their services for such matters. If the Ecosystem Operator suspects any Token-holder is abusing their services for the purposes of money laundering, they reserve the right to freeze any funds used to purchase the Tokens. The Ecosystem Operator reserves the right to report any suspicious activities to the Governmental Authorities without the Token-holder’s knowledge or consent.
