---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# 4.1 For creators

## Creators Verification

Creators who have submitted an application to us to support their project for incubation on the CasperArmy platform will be required to undergo a rigorous KYC process, communicate frequently with the community, and carry out social tasks, such as AMAs, on the <a href="https://casper.army">CasperArmy</a> platform to keep community members well informed.

The community will evaluate the idea you have submitted to us and give you their thoughts, which will have a say in the decision process of CasperArmy deciding whether to incubate or not. Once CasperArmy’s review team has positively reviewed your project and the CasperArmy community responded positively, you will be required to sign a contract with us.
Agreements will be in digital form and signed through Casper Labs’ Immutable Document Signatures on the Blockchain (https://app.caspersign.io/) and will be made available for public viewing. From that point on, the data of the project creators will be public to the CasperArmy community. You will collect a certain portion of funds as a creator from the pre-sale of your project (seed round), in the form of CSPR coins. Coins will be distributed and paid to the creator of the project in stages, according to the work schedule approved by the CasperArmy community, which you as a creator must present to the community via a roadmap. The pay-out will be done through a special contract on the Casper Network and be automated. To ensure the pay-out, the voting CasperArmy community must approve it based on whether they believe the project has met targets pre-agreed. This mechanism is used to ensure security for investors and people participating in your project on the principles of Venture Capitals in seed rounds — the CasperArmy community. It also aims to eliminate potential bad intentions of the creator, motivate the project creator to work on the project, and help manage the project financing.

If you are the creator of the project or a person representing the project, please visit the <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.1%20Creators%20platform">Creators platform</a> section.

## Project Verification
<a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.5%20Development%20Assistance">Read More</a>

### How IDOs are stored on CasperArmy DAO VC

IDO is short for Initial DEX Offering. A brand-new variant of ICO, it marks a project’s first crypto token offering to a decentralized exchange (DEX).
Investors (CasperArmy community members) lock their funds with a incubated project in exchange for its native token which will be launched at a certain time.
The allocation of the number of tokens for which the investor/user could deposit is determined by the metric "Soldier Rating" - which is influenced by the investor's involvement in promoting the project, for example the Social Missions Commitment metric.
After the token generation event, the project airdrops the tokens to CasperArmy treasury smart contract, and next this smart contract will deploy to participant’s wallets after the vesting period is over.
